Skill Gem: Absolution; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Physical, Lightning, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Damages enemies in an area, applying a debuff for a short duration. If a non-unique enemy dies while affected by the debuff, the corpse will be consumed to summon a Sentinel of Absolution for a secondary duration, or to refresh the duration and life of an existing one instead if you have the maximum number of them.;
Skill Gem: Absolution of Inspiring; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Physical, Lightning, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Damages enemies in an area, applying a debuff for a short duration. If a non-unique enemy dies while affected by the debuff, the corpse will be consumed to summon a Sentinel of Absolution for a secondary duration, or to refresh the duration and life of an existing one instead if you have the maximum number of them.;
Skill Gem: Ancestral Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting all nearby enemies to attack the user and exerting subsequent strike attacks. Grants a buff which gives you bonus armour and melee range.;
Skill Gem: Ancestral Protector; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Totem, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Summons an Ancestor Totem which attacks enemies with melee strikes while you're near it. Being near it grants you more attack speed. Requires a Melee Weapon or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Ancestral Warchief; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Totem, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Summons an Ancestor Totem which attacks enemies with a powerful slam while you're near it. Being near it grants you more melee damage. Requires a Melee Weapon or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Anger; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that adds fire damage to the attacks and spells of you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Animate Guardian; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion; Skill Gem Details: Animates a melee weapon or armour, attaching it to an invisible Guardian that fights by your side. Animating multiple items attaches them to the same Guardian. You cannot animate unidentified items. Cannot be used by Traps or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Animate Guardian of Smiting; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Animates a melee weapon or armour, attaching it to an invisible Guardian that fights by your side using Smite of Divine Judgement, ignoring weapon restrictions. Animating multiple items attaches them to the same Guardian. You cannot animate unidentified items. Cannot be used by Traps or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Battlemage's Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, Critical, Trigger, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting nearby enemies to attack the user and exerting subsequent attacks. Grants a buff which boosts critical strike chance and allows attacks to benefit from increases to spell damage.;
Skill Gem: Berserk; Skill Gem Tags: Spell; Skill Gem Details: Consumes Rage at an accelerating rate to provide a powerful buff, granting more attack damage, attack speed, movement speed, and less damage taken.;
Skill Gem: Bladestorm; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Perform a spinning attack, damaging enemies around you and creating a bladestorm matching your stance. The bladestorm repeatedly damages enemies, based on your weapon damage and attack time, for a duration. Blood bladestorms are stationary and cause Bleeding, while Sand bladestorms move slowly forwards and Blind enemies. Requires a Sword or Axe. You are in Blood Stance by default.;
Skill Gem: Bladestorm of Uncertainty; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Perform a spinning attack, damaging enemies around you and creating a random bladestorm. The bladestorm repeatedly damages enemies, based on your weapon damage and attack time, for a duration. Blood bladestorms are stationary and cause Bleeding, while Sand bladestorms move slowly forwards and Blind enemies. Requires a Sword or Axe.;
Skill Gem: Blood and Sand; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Stance; Skill Gem Details: Casts a buff that grants different bonuses to melee skills depending on your stance. Using the skill again alternates between Blood Stance and Sand Stance.;
Skill Gem: Boneshatter; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Attack enemies with a forceful melee strike that also hurts you. Successive uses will raise the damage dealt both to enemies and you. Stunning an enemy with the strike releases a damaging pulse. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Axe or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Boneshatter of Carnage; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Attack enemies with a forceful melee strike. Stunning an enemy with the strike releases a damaging pulse. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Axe or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Boneshatter of Complex Trauma; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Attack enemies with a forceful melee strike that also hurts you. Successive uses will raise the damage dealt both to enemies and you. Stunning an enemy with the strike releases a damaging pulse. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Axe or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Chain Hook; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Movement, Melee; Skill Gem Details: When used at range, throws out a chain, pulling you to the enemy hit dealing damage in an area behind them. When close to the enemy, just causes the area damage directly. Requires a One Handed Mace, Sceptre, Sword or Axe.;
Skill Gem: Cleave; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: The character swings their weapon (or both weapons if dual wielding) in an arc, damaging monsters in an area in front of them. Only works with Axes and Swords.;
Skill Gem: Cleave of Rage; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: The character swings both their weapons in an arc, damaging monsters in an area in front of them. Requires dual wielding both an Axe and a Sword.;
Skill Gem: Consecrated Path; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Attack, AoE, Movement, Duration, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground at a targeted location. If an enemy is near where you target, you'll teleport to it from a short distance away, slam, and create an area of consecrated ground. Can't be supported by Multistrike, and requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Consecrated Path of Endurance; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Attack, AoE, Movement, Duration, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground at a targeted location. If an enemy is near where you target, you'll teleport to it from a short distance away, slam, and create an area of consecrated ground. The cooldown can be bypassed by expending an Endurance Charge. Can't be supported by Multistrike, and requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Corrupting Fever; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Draws out your own blood to power a buff for a duration, letting this skill inflict the Corrupting Blood debuff on enemies you hit, dealing physical damage over time for a short secondary duration. The buff's duration will be refreshed if you spend enough life before it expires.;
Skill Gem: Decoy Totem; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that taunts nearby monsters to attack it.;
Skill Gem: Defiance Banner; Skill Gem Tags: AoE, Spell, Duration, Aura, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Casting once reserves mana to carry a banner which increases the armour and evasion of nearby allies, and reduces the critical strike chance of nearby enemies. Gains stages over time while carrying the banner near enemies. Casting the skill again places the banner, ending the mana reservation. Once placed, it becomes more powerful for each stage gained. You cannot have multiple banners at the same time.;
Skill Gem: Determination; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants armour to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Devouring Totem; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that can consume nearby corpses. If you are hurt, it will destroy a corpse to leech life to you.;
Skill Gem: Dominating Blow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Attacks enemies with a melee strike, applying a debuff for a short duration. If a non-unique enemy dies while affected by the debuff, the enemy's corpse will be consumed and a Sentinel of Dominance with the same rarity, prefix and suffix modifiers will be summoned for a longer secondary duration.;
Skill Gem: Dominating Blow of Inspiring; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Attacks enemies with a melee strike, applying a debuff for a short duration. If a non-unique enemy dies while affected by the debuff, the enemy's corpse will be consumed and a Sentinel of Dominance with the same rarity, prefix and suffix modifiers will be summoned for a longer secondary duration.;
Skill Gem: Dread Banner; Skill Gem Tags: AoE, Spell, Duration, Aura, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Casting once reserves mana to carry a banner which makes nearby allies inflict impale with attacks, and lessens the accuracy of nearby enemies. Gain stages by impaling enemies while carrying the banner. Casting the skill again places the banner, ending the mana reservation. Once placed, it becomes more powerful for each stage gained. You cannot have multiple banners at the same time.;
Skill Gem: Earthquake; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Smashes the ground, dealing damage in an area and cracking the earth. The crack will erupt in a powerful aftershock after a duration. Cracks created before the first one has erupted will not generate their own aftershocks. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Earthquake of Amplification; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Smashes the ground, dealing damage in an area and cracking the earth. The crack will erupt in a powerful aftershock after a duration. Cracks created before the first one has erupted will not generate their own aftershocks. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Earthshatter; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, sending out rectangular fissures that deal area damage to enemies and thrust a spike from the ground when they end. Warcries or other Slam Attacks performed by you or allied players near any spike will cause them to shatter, damaging surrounding enemies. Works with Maces, Sceptres, Axes, Staves and Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Earthshatter of Fragility; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, sending out rectangular fissures that deal area damage to enemies and thrust a spike from the ground when they end. The spikes shatter after a duration, damaging surrounding enemies. Works with Maces, Sceptres, Axes, Staves and Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Earthshatter of Prominence; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, sending out a rectangular fissure that deals area damage to enemies and thrusts a large spike from the ground where it ends. Warcries or other Slam Attacks performed by you or allied players near the spike will cause it to shatter, damaging surrounding enemies. Works with Maces, Sceptres, Axes, Staves and Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Enduring Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting all nearby enemies to attack the user and granting endurance charges. Gives a brief burst of life regeneration, as well as a buff which grants resistances and physical damage reduction based on your endurance charges.;
Skill Gem: Exsanguinate; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaining, Physical, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Releases several tendrils of blood from your character, targeting enemies in a narrow angle in front of you. The beams deal physical damage and inflict a physical damage over time debuff to enemies, which can stack up to 3 times. Effects which allow skills to chain can apply to these tendrils.;
Skill Gem: Exsanguinate of Transmission; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaining, Physical, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Releases a tendril of blood from your character, which will target an enemy in front of you, then chain to other enemies. The tendril deals physical damage and inflicts a physical damage over time debuff to enemies, which can stack up to 3 times.;
Skill Gem: Flame Link; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Link, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Targets an allied player to apply a buff which links you to them for a duration. While linked, they deal additional fire damage based on your life. If the target dies while linked, you will also die. This skill cannot be triggered, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Flesh and Stone; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Aura, AoE, Stance; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that affects you and nearby enemies differently depending on your stance. Using the skill again alternates between Blood Stance and Sand Stance.;
Skill Gem: Frozen Legion; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Cold, Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: This spell consumes multiple cooldown uses to summon icy Statues in a ring. Each Statue uses your Frozen Sweep attack once before vanishing. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, or Staff. This skill cannot be triggered, supported by Spell Echo or Unleash, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Frozen Legion of Rallying; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Cold, Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: This spell consumes multiple cooldown uses to summon icy Statues in a ring. Each Statue uses your Frozen Sweep attack once before vanishing. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, or Staff. This skill cannot be triggered, supported by Spell Echo or Unleash, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: General's Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting nearby enemies to attack the user, and summoning Mirage Warriors from nearby corpses. The Mirage Warriors each use a linked attack skill once before dissipating.;
Skill Gem: Glacial Hammer; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Hits enemies, converting some of your physical damage to cold damage. If a non-unique enemy is frozen and is on less than one third life, they will shatter when hit by Glacial Hammer. If striking three times in a row, the third strike will freeze enemies more easily. Requires a Mace, Sceptre or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Glacial Hammer of Shattering; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, Melee, Strike, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Hits enemies, converting some of your physical damage to cold damage. If striking three times in a row, the third strike will be a critical strike. Requires a Mace, Sceptre or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Ground Slam; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground in front of you, creating a wave that travels forward and damages enemies with an increased chance to stun. The wave deals more damage to closer enemies. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Ground Slam of Earthshaking; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground in front of you, creating a wide wave that travels forward and damages enemies with an increased chance to stun. Requires a Two Handed Axe, Two Handed Mace, or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Heavy Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Attacks enemies with a forceful blow, knocking them back. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Axe, Sword or Two-Handed Weapon.;
Skill Gem: Herald of Ash; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Herald, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Grants a buff providing fire damage based on your physical damage. While you have this buff, if you kill an enemy, other enemies near them will be burned based on the overkill damage. The burn inflicted by this skill can only be affected by modifiers to damage over time (burning damage is damage over time).;
Skill Gem: Herald of Purity; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Herald, Minion, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Grants a buff which lets you deal more physical damage. When you kill an enemy while you have this buff, this skill will summon a Sentinel of Purity, or refresh the duration and life of an existing one instead if you have the maximum number of them. The Sentinels of Purity have a single-target melee attack and an area melee attack.;
Skill Gem: Holy Flame Totem; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Spell, Projectile, Fire, Channelling, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that channels to fire a stream of flame at nearby enemies, and creates an area of consecrated ground around the totem.;
Skill Gem: Holy Flame Totem of Ire; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Spell, Projectile, Fire, Channelling, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that channels to fire a stream of flame at nearby enemies, and creates an area of consecrated ground around the totem.;
Skill Gem: Ice Crash; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Cold, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, damaging enemies in an area around the impact in three stages of increasing size. Enemies take slightly less damage on the second and third stage, and can only be hit by one stage. Works with Swords, Maces, Sceptres, Axes, Staves and Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Ice Crash of Cadence; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Cold, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, damaging enemies in an area. Slams with main hand weapon deal more damage. Slams with off hand weapon have larger area of effect. Requires dual-wielding Swords, Maces, Sceptres, or Axes to use.;
Skill Gem: Immortal Call; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Guard; Skill Gem Details: Take less Physical and Elemental Damage for a short time. Consumes up to 5 Endurance Charges to lengthen the buff and further lessen Physical Damage taken. Shares a cooldown with other Guard skills.;
Skill Gem: Infernal Blow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee, Strike, Fire, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Attacks with your weapon, applying a charged debuff to enemies hit by your strike, and an uncharged debuff to any other enemies hit. Upon reaching 6 charges, expiring, or the enemy's death, the charged debuff is removed to damage that and other surrounding enemies. Enemies with either debuff explode when they die, damaging other surrounding enemies. Damage from this explosion cannot be reflected. Requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Infernal Blow of Immolation; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee, Strike, Fire, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Attacks with your weapon, applying a charged debuff to you the first time you hit an enemy with this skill. Upon reaching 6 charges, or charges expiring, the charged debuff is removed to damage nearby enemies. Requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Infernal Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration, Fire, Attack, Trigger, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting nearby enemies to attack the user and exerting subsequent attacks. Covers enemies in ash, causing them to move slower and take increased fire damage. Affected enemies explode when they die, dealing fire damage in an area.;
Skill Gem: Intimidating Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting nearby enemies to attack the user and exerting subsequent attacks. Grants a buff which lowers the effect of enemy physical damage reduction against your hits.;
Skill Gem: Leap Slam; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Movement, Travel, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Jump through the air, damaging and knocking back enemies with your weapon where you land. Enemies you would land on are pushed out of the way. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Sword or Staff. Cannot be supported by Multistrike.;
Skill Gem: Leap Slam of Groundbreaking; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Movement, Travel, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Jump a short distance through the air, damaging and knocking back enemies with your weapon where you land. Enemies you would land on are pushed out of the way. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Sword or Staff. Cannot be supported by Multistrike.;
Skill Gem: Molten Shell; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire, Physical, Guard; Skill Gem Details: Applies a buff that adds to your armour, and can take some of the damage from hits for you before being depleted. When the buff expires or is depleted, the skill deals reflected damage to enemies around you based on the total damage that was taken from the buff. Shares a cooldown with other Guard skills.;
Skill Gem: Molten Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Melee, Strike, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Infuses your melee weapon with molten energies to attack with physical and fire damage. This attack causes balls of molten magma to launch forth from the enemies you hit, divided amongst all enemies hit by the strike. These will deal area attack damage to enemies where they land.;
Skill Gem: Molten Strike of the Zenith; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Melee, Strike, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Infuses your two-handed melee weapon with molten energies to attack with physical and fire damage. This attack causes balls of molten magma to launch forth from the enemies you hit, divided amongst all enemies hit by the strike. These will deal area attack damage to enemies where they land. Every fifth time you attack with this skill it fires more, high-damage projectiles.;
Skill Gem: Perforate; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Smash the ground to bring forth multiple spears to damage enemies. When in Blood Stance, multiple spikes burst from the ground in sequence, able to hit enemies multiple times. In Sand Stance, the spikes are thrust outwards. Requires a Sword or Axe. You are in Blood Stance by default.;
Skill Gem: Perforate of Bloodshed; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Smash the ground to bring forth multiple spikes from the ground in sequence, able to hit enemies multiple times.
Requires a Sword or Axe.;
Skill Gem: Perforate of Duality; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Smash the ground to bring forth multiple spears to damage enemies. When in Blood Stance, multiple spikes burst from the ground in sequence, able to hit enemies multiple times. In Sand Stance, the spikes are thrust outwards. Requires a Sword or Axe. You are in Blood Stance by default.;
Skill Gem: Petrified Blood; Skill Gem Tags: Spell; Skill Gem Details: Applies a buff that protects the lower half of your life, preventing some of the immediate life loss when damaged by hits and applying the loss over time instead. Your life cannot be raised above low life other than by flasks, and while above low life, skills will cost life as well as mana.;
Skill Gem: Pride; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Aura, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that causes nearby enemies to take more physical damage.;
Skill Gem: Protective Link; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Link; Skill Gem Details: Targets an allied player to apply a buff which links you to them for a duration. While linked, they copy your block chance and recover life when they block. If the target dies while linked, you will also die. This skill cannot be triggered, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Punishment; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, causing them to be debilitated when they hit enemies and increasing damage they take while on low life.;
Skill Gem: Purity of Fire; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants fire resistance to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Rage Vortex; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Spin with a sword or axe to deal damage in an area around you. Sacrifices some rage to send a ragestorm forward. While enemies are inside it, the ragestorm will slow its movement and repeatedly deal attack damage based on your attack speed.;
Skill Gem: Rage Vortex of Berserking; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Spin with a sword or axe to deal damage in an area around you. If you have at least 10 rage, create a ragestorm attached to you that repeatedly deals attack damage to enemies inside based on your attack speed. The ragestorm consumes rage at an accelerating rate, and ends if you run out.;
Skill Gem: Rallying Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting nearby enemies to attack the user and exerting subsequent attacks. Gives nearby Allies a buff based on the damage of your weapon.;
Skill Gem: Reap; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Physical, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: A bloody scythe swipes across a selected area, applying a physical damage over time debuff and hitting enemies with physical damage. If any survive, you gain a blood charge which raises the damage and cost of the skill. Players can have 5 maximum blood charges.;
Skill Gem: Reckoning; Skill Gem Tags: Trigger, Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Perform a swift counter-attack against enemies in a cone shape when you block with your shield.;
Skill Gem: Rejuvenation Totem; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that has an aura which regenerates life for you and your nearby allies.;
Skill Gem: Searing Bond; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Totem, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that casts a beam of fire at you and each other totem you control, dealing burning damage to enemies caught in the beam. Enemies near either end of a beam also suffer burning damage.;
Skill Gem: Seismic Cry; Skill Gem Tags: Warcry, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Performs a warcry, taunting nearby enemies to attack the user and exerting subsequent slam attacks. Grants a buff which makes it easier for you to stun enemies.;
Skill Gem: Shield Charge; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Movement, Travel, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Charges at a targeted location or enemy, pushing away enemies in your path and repeatedly dealing off-hand damage in a small area in front of you. You deal damage in a larger area when you reach the target. The further you travel, the more damage you deal, and the greater your chance of stunning enemies. Cannot be supported by Multistrike.;
Skill Gem: Shield Crush; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Swipe your shield, dealing area damage in three waves in front of you. Enemies can be hit by two of the waves where they overlap.;
Skill Gem: Shield Crush of the Chieftain; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Fire, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Swipe your shield, dealing area damage in three waves in front of you. Enemies can be hit by two of the waves where they overlap.;
Skill Gem: Shockwave Totem; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Spell, AoE, Physical, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that shakes the earth around it, knocking back and damaging nearby enemies;
Skill Gem: Smite; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Attack, AoE, Duration, Melee, Strike, Aura; Skill Gem Details: Performs a melee attack, and causes lightning to strike a nearby enemy, dealing damage in an area. Each target can only be hit once by this skill. Hitting an enemy grants an aura for a duration. Requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Smite of Divine Judgement; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Attack, AoE, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Performs a melee attack, and causes lightning to strike nearby enemies, dealing damage in an area. Each target can only be hit once by this skill. Requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Static Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, AoE, Duration, Lightning, Chaining; Skill Gem Details: Attack with a melee weapon, gaining static energy for a duration if you hit an enemy. While you have static energy, you'll frequently hit a number of nearby enemies with beams, dealing attack damage.;
Skill Gem: Steelskin; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Guard; Skill Gem Details: Applies a buff which can take some of the damage from hits for you before being depleted. Shares a cooldown with other Guard skills.;
Skill Gem: Summon Flame Golem; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Flame Golem that grants you increased Damage. The Flame Golem can cast a fire spray, a wave of fire damage, and an explosive arcing projectile.;
Skill Gem: Summon Flame Golem of Hordes; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Flame Golem. The Flame Golem can cast a fire spray, a wave of fire damage, and an explosive arcing projectile.;
Skill Gem: Summon Flame Golem of the Meteor; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Flame Golem. When summoned, the Flame Golem attacks by falling from the sky, dealing fire damage in an area and leaving burning ground around the impact. After landing, it can cast a fire spray and a wave of fire damage.;
Skill Gem: Summon Stone Golem; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Golem, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Stone Golem that grants you life regeneration. In addition to its melee attack, the Stone Golem uses a rolling charge and a powerful slam that can taunt enemies.;
Skill Gem: Summon Stone Golem of Hordes; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Golem, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Stone Golem. In addition to its melee attack, the Stone Golem uses a rolling charge and a powerful slam that can taunt enemies.;
Skill Gem: Summon Stone Golem of Safeguarding; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Golem, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Stone Golem that takes a portion of the melee damage you recieve from enemy hits from its life before yours. In addition to its melee attack, the Stone Golem uses a rolling charge and a powerful slam that can taunt enemies.;
Skill Gem: Sunder; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground, creating a slow wave of churning terrain that damages enemies in a sequence of areas in front of you. A number of enemies hit by the wave will release a shockwave, damaging other enemies around them. Using the skill again will stop the previous wave. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Axe, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Sunder of Earthbreaking; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground, creating a wave of churning terrain that damages enemies in a sequence of areas in front of you. A number of enemies hit by the wave will release a shockwave, damaging other enemies around them. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Axe, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Sweep; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Swings a two handed melee weapon in a circle, knocking back monsters around the character.;
Skill Gem: Tectonic Slam; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, unleashing a fiery fissure in front of you, dealing area damage and randomly releasing a number of smaller fissures branching off from it. Consume an Endurance Charge every third time you slam the ground with this skill. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Sword, Axe, Staff, or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Tectonic Slam of Cataclysm; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Attack, AoE, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, consuming all Endurance Charges and unleashing a fiery fissure in front of you, dealing area damage and randomly releasing a number of smaller fissures branching off from it. Requires a Mace, Sceptre, Sword, Axe, Staff, or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Absolution; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Physical, Lightning, Vaal, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Causes one of your existing Sentinels of Absolution to Ascend, becoming more powerful, gaining new spells, and overriding its duration, while maintaining its other bonuses, including from support gems. If you cannot have more Ascended Sentinels of Absolution, an existing one will be refreshed instead.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Ancestral Warchief; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Totem, AoE, Vaal, Melee, Slam; Skill Gem Details: Summons an Ancestor Totem which attacks enemies with a powerful cascading slam while you're near it. If the enemies are far away, it will leap toward them as it slams. Being near it grants you more melee damage. Requires a Melee Weapon or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Cleave; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Physical, Vaal, Duration, Melee; Skill Gem Details: The character swings their weapon (or both weapons if dual wielding) in an arc, damaging monsters in an area in front of them. Killing Blows on Rare or Unique enemies grant a buff that improves Cleave for a duration. Killing Blows on Rare Enemies also steal their modifiers for a secondary duration. Only works with Axes and Swords.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Domination; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Vaal, Attack, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: This spell causes one of your existing Sentinels of Dominance to Ascend, becoming more powerful, gaining new attacks, and overriding its duration, while maintaining its monster modifiers and other bonuses, including from support gems. If you cannot have more Ascended Sentinels of Dominance, an existing one will be refreshed instead.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Earthquake; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Smashes the ground, dealing damage in an area and cracking the earth. The crack will erupt in a powerful aftershock after a short duration. After using this skill, your steps will deal damage around you, cracking the earth if the previous cracks have erupted. This effect ends after a secondary duration, or after a maximum number of aftershocks. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Glacial Hammer; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Duration, AoE, Vaal, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Hits enemies, converting some of your physical damage to cold damage. It traps enemies with you in a circle of ice so that they can't escape. Requires a Mace, Sceptre or Staff.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Ground Slam; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Vaal, Slam, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slams the ground in front of you, creating a wave that travels in all directions that damages enemies with an increased chance to stun. The wave deals more damage to closer enemies. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Impurity of Fire; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that reduces fire damage taken and provides ignite immunity to you and nearby allies, and makes hits against nearby enemies ignore their fire resistance.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Molten Shell; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire, Physical, Vaal, Guard; Skill Gem Details: Applies a buff that raises your armour, and takes some of the damage from hits for you before being depleted. Each second, the skill deals reflected damage to surrounding enemies based on the damage taken by the buff in that second. When the buff is removed, the skill deals reflected damage to enemies around you based on the total damage that was taken by the buff. You cannot have the buff at the same time as any other Guard skill.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Molten Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Melee, Strike, Fire, Chaining, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Infuses your melee weapon with molten energies to attack with physical and fire damage. This attack causes balls of molten magma to launch forth causing area attack damage to enemies where they land.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Reap; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Physical, AoE, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Bloody scythes swipe around a selected area, hitting enemies with physical damage. An area of boiling blood is left beneath them for a duration which deals physical damage over time. Also gives a bonus to maximum Blood Charges for a secondary duration.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Rejuvenation Totem; Skill Gem Tags: Totem, Aura, Spell, AoE, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Summons a totem that has an aura which regenerates life for you and your nearby allies. When things affected by the aura are hit, the totem's life is removed instead for some of the damage.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Smite; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Attack, AoE, Duration, Melee, Strike, Aura, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Calls lightning down to infuse your weapon, then performs a melee attack and causes lightning to strike nearby enemies, dealing damage in an area. Hitting an enemy grants an aura for a duration. Requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Volcanic Fissure; Skill Gem Tags: Melee, Attack, Projectile, AoE, Slam, Fire, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, creating a winding fissure that deals area damage while travelling outwards. When it reaches the target location it erupts, releasing a burst of molten projectiles. After erupting, the fissure continues moving towards enemies to cause further eruptions. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vengeance; Skill Gem Tags: Trigger, Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Chance to perform a swift counter-attack against all enemies around you when you are hit. Weapon range increases the area of this attack. Requires a Melee Weapon.;
Skill Gem: Vigilant Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Attacks enemies with a powerful melee strike which grants Fortification, reducing damage you take from hits. The cooldown can be bypassed by expending an Endurance Charge. Requires a Melee Weapon.;
Skill Gem: Vitality; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants life regeneration to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Volcanic Fissure; Skill Gem Tags: Melee, Attack, Projectile, AoE, Slam, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, creating a winding fissure that deals area damage while travelling outwards. When it reaches the target location it erupts, releasing a burst of molten projectiles. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Volcanic Fissure of Snaking; Skill Gem Tags: Melee, Attack, AoE, Slam, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Slam the ground, creating a winding fissure that deals area damage while travelling outwards. When it reaches the target location it erupts dealing damage in an area. After erupting, the fissure continues moving towards enemies to cause further eruptions. Requires an Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.;
Skill Gem: Vulnerability; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Curse, Physical, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curse all targets in an area, causing them to take increased physical damage. Attacks against the cursed enemies have a chance to inflict bleeding.;
Skill Gem: War Banner; Skill Gem Tags: AoE, Spell, Duration, Aura, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Casting once reserves mana to carry a banner which increases the accuracy of nearby allies, and physical damage taken by nearby enemies. Gain stages by killing enemies while carrying the banner. Casting the skill again places the banner, ending the mana reservation. Once placed, it becomes more powerful for each stage gained. You cannot have multiple banners at the same time.;
Skill Gem: Warlord's Mark; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Curse, Mark; Skill Gem Details: Curses a single enemy, giving a chance to double the duration of stuns on them. Attacking the cursed enemy will leech life and mana, stunning them will grant rage, and killing it will grant an endurance charge. You can only have one Mark at a time.;
Skill Gem: Alchemist's Mark; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Curse, Mark, AoE, Duration, Fire, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Curses a single enemy, granting flask charges when you hit them and creating Burning Ground under them if your hit Ignites them, and Caustic Ground if it Poisons them. Damage modifiers do not apply to these ground effects. You can only have one Mark at a time.;
Skill Gem: Ambush; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, Movement, Duration, Travel; Skill Gem Details: Teleports you to a nearby enemy, applying a buff to you for a short duration and blinding the enemy for a secondary duration. Performing a melee attack with a One-Handed Weapon removes the buff to exert that attack.;
Skill Gem: Animate Weapon; Skill Gem Tags: Duration, Minion, Spell, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Animates a Melee Weapon Item or Lingering Blade to fight by your side. You cannot animate unidentified Weapons. Will not animate weapons with 6 sockets. Cannot be used by Traps or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Animate Weapon of Ranged Arms; Skill Gem Tags: Duration, Minion, Spell, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Animates a Ranged Weapon Item or Lingering Blade to fight by your side. You cannot animate unidentified Weapons. Will not animate weapons with 6 sockets. Cannot be used by Traps or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Animate Weapon of Self Reflection; Skill Gem Tags: Duration, Minion, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Animates a copy of your main hand Melee Weapon to fight by your side. Cannot be used by Totems, Traps or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Arctic Armour; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Conjures an icy barrier that chills enemies when they hit you. You drop chilled ground while moving, and take less Fire and Physical damage while stationary.;
Skill Gem: Artillery Ballista; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Totem, AoE, Fire, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Summons a ballista totem that propels a sequence of fiery arrows into the air. The arrows impact the ground in a line, each dealing area damage to enemies around it. Requires a Bow.;
Skill Gem: Barrage; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: After a short preparation time, you fire individual projectiles repeatedly with a Bow or Wand. These projectiles have a small randomised spread. This skill cannot be Triggered.;
Skill Gem: Barrage of Volley Fire; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: After a short preparation time, you fire projectiles repeatedly with a Bow or Wand. These projectiles have a small randomised spread. This skill cannot be Triggered.;
Skill Gem: Bear Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that damages and immobilises a single enemy for a duration based on how much damage was dealt. After the immobilise expires, a debuff remains on the enemy for a duration, lowering their movement speed by an amount which lessens over time. The affected enemy will take increased damage from traps and mines until the debuff expires. Modifiers to spell damage do not affect this skill's damage.;
Skill Gem: Bear Trap of Skewers; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that damages and impales a single enemy, and immobilises them for a duration based on how much damage was dealt. Modifiers to spell damage do not affect this skill's damage.;
Skill Gem: Blade Blast; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Deals spell damage in a targeted area. Each time this spell deals damage,  it will detonate any of your Lingering Blades it touches, dealing damage again in an area around them. Up to 50 Blades can be detonated this way.;
Skill Gem: Blade Blast of Dagger Detonation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Deals spell damage in an area around you. Your equipped daggers add to this damage.;
Skill Gem: Blade Blast of Unloading; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Deals spell damage in an area around you. If you have Blade Vortex blades orbiting you, it will detonate each of them in turn, dealing damage again in an area around you for each one.;
Skill Gem: Blade Flurry; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Channelling, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Repeatedly hit enemies in a circle in front of you while channelling, dealing damage to and around the enemy. The damage is continually boosted while channelling. You unleash an additional hit for each stage reached once the channelling ends. Requires a Dagger, Claw or One-Handed Sword.;
Skill Gem: Blade Flurry of Incision; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, AoE, Channelling, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Repeatedly hit enemies in a circle in front of you while channelling, dealing damage to and around the enemy. The critical strike chance is continually boosted while channelling. You unleash an additional hit for each stage reached once the channelling ends. Requires a Dagger, Claw or One-Handed Sword.;
Skill Gem: Blade Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Attack, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, swings two copies of your equipped Dagger, Claw or One Handed Sword around it in circles, each repeatedly damaging enemies it spins through.;
Skill Gem: Blade Trap of Greatswords; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Attack, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, swings two copies of your equipped Two Handed Sword around it in circles for a duration, each repeatedly damaging enemies it spins through;
Skill Gem: Blade Trap of Laceration; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Attack, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, swings two copies of your equipped Dagger, Claw or One Handed Sword around it in a circle, each damaging enemies it spins through.;
Skill Gem: Blade Vortex; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: This spell creates ethereal blades which orbit in an area around you, dealing damage every 0.6 seconds to all enemies in their radius. As more blades are added, the damage becomes greater and more frequent.;
Skill Gem: Blade Vortex of the Scythe; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: This spell creates a swarm of ethereal blades which briefly orbit in an area around you, dealing damage every 0.6 seconds to all enemies in their radius.;
Skill Gem: Bladefall; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Ethereal weapons rain from the sky, dealing damage to enemies in a sequence of volleys. Enemies can be hit multiple times where these overlap.;
Skill Gem: Bladefall of Impaling; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Ethereal weapons rain from the sky, dealing damage to enemies in a sequence of volleys. Enemies can be hit multiple times where these overlap.;
Skill Gem: Bladefall of Volleys; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Ethereal weapons rain from the sky, dealing damage to enemies in a sequence of volleys, each wider and more damaging than the last. Enemies can be hit multiple times where these overlap.;
Skill Gem: Blast Rain; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Attack, AoE, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires arrows up in the air, to rain down in an area. Each arrow deals area damage around where it lands, and they will all overlap on the targeted location.;
Skill Gem: Blink Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Movement, Travel, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow at the target destination. When the arrow lands, you are teleported to it and a clone is summoned at your old location. The clone is a minion that uses your bow and quiver.;
Skill Gem: Blink Arrow of Bombarding Clones; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Movement, Travel, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow at the target destination. When the arrow lands, you are teleported to it and a clone is summoned at your old location. The clone is a minion that uses your bow and quiver to fire arrows into the air to land around a target.;
Skill Gem: Blink Arrow of Prismatic Clones; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Movement, Travel, Prismatic, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow at the target destination. When the arrow lands, you are teleported to it and a clone is summoned at your old location. The clone is a minion that uses your bow and quiver to fire random elemental arrows.;
Skill Gem: Blood Rage; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Adds a buff that deals Physical Damage over time, while increasing Attack Speed and Life Leech. Killing an enemy while this buff is active refreshes the buff duration, and can grant a Frenzy Charge.;
Skill Gem: Burning Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Fire, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a burning arrow that deals fire damage and has a chance to ignite.;
Skill Gem: Burning Arrow of Vigour; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Fire, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a burning arrow that deals fire damage and has a chance to ignite.;
Skill Gem: Caustic Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Duration, Chaos, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow which deals chaos damage in an area on impact, and spreads caustic ground. Enemies standing on the caustic ground take chaos damage over time.;
Skill Gem: Caustic Arrow of Poison; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Chaos, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a poisonous arrow which deals chaos damage in an area on impact.;
Skill Gem: Charged Dash; Skill Gem Tags: Movement, AoE, Channelling, Attack, Lightning, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Channel to project an illusion which you steer. You gain stages while it moves, until it stops at a maximum total distance. Waves of area damage frequently pulse along its path, based on your attack speed. Stop channelling to teleport to the illusion, dealing a final wave of damage. Requires a Melee Weapon.;
Skill Gem: Cobra Lash; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Fires a poisonous projectile based on your weapon that will chain between enemies. Requires a Dagger or Claw.;
Skill Gem: Cremation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration, Projectile, Orb; Skill Gem Details: A targeted corpse explodes, dealing area damage and turning into a volcanic geyser, which will repeatedly unleash projectiles sequentially over the surrounding area for a duration. The explosion of the corpse is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Cremation of Exhuming; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration, Projectile, Orb; Skill Gem Details: A targeted corpse explodes, dealing area damage and turning into a volcanic geyser, which will repeatedly unleash projectiles sequentially over the surrounding area and detonate nearby corpses for a duration. Corpse explosions are not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Cremation of the Volcano; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration, Projectile, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Creates a volcanic geyser at a location, which will repeatedly unleash projectiles sequentially over the surrounding area for a duration.;
Skill Gem: Cyclone; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Movement, Channelling, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Channel this skill to move towards a targeted location while spinning constantly attacking enemies in an area around you. While channelling this skill, you cannot be knocked back.;
Skill Gem: Cyclone of Tumult; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Movement, Channelling, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Channel this skill to move towards a targeted location while spinning constantly attacking enemies in an area around you. While channelling this skill, you cannot be knocked back.;
Skill Gem: Dash; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Movement, Travel, Blink; Skill Gem Details: Performs a series of quick teleports towards a targeted location. If using the "Attack in Place" option, the direction is reversed. Shares a cooldown with other Blink skills.;
Skill Gem: Desecrate; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Desecrates the ground, summoning corpses and dealing chaos damage to all enemies in the area. The corpses will be chosen from the monsters in the current area and any Spectres that have existed in this instance.;
Skill Gem: Detonate Dead; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Targets a corpse, and deals spell damage to enemies around the corpse, as well as causing the corpse to explode, dealing fire damage. The explosion is not affected by modifiers to spell damage and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Detonate Dead of Chain Reaction; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Targets a corpse, and deals spell damage to enemies around the corpse, as well as causing the corpse to explode, dealing fire damage. The explosion is not affected by modifiers to spell damage and cannot be reflected. This will continue to target other corpses in the area, with a shorter delay between each one, until it runs out of corpses or has destroyed 8 corpses.;
Skill Gem: Detonate Dead of Scavenging; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Targets a corpse, causing it to explode, dealing fire damage. The explosion is not affected by modifiers to spell damage and cannot be reflected. Cannot target corpses that have been created by skills.;
Skill Gem: Double Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Performs two fast strikes with a melee weapon.;
Skill Gem: Double Strike of Impaling; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Performs two fast strikes with a melee weapon.;
Skill Gem: Double Strike of Momentum; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Performs two fast strikes with a melee weapon, gaining stages which cause this skill to attack faster. All stages are lost when you move.;
Skill Gem: Dual Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Attacks with both weapons, dealing the damage of both in one strike. Dual wield only. Does not work with wands.;
Skill Gem: Dual Strike of Ambidexterity; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike; Skill Gem Details: Attacks with both weapons, dealing the damage of both in one strike. Requires dual-wielding two different melee weapon types to use.;
Skill Gem: Elemental Hit; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, Fire, Cold, Lightning, AoE, Prismatic, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Each attack with this skill will choose an element at random, and will only be able to deal damage of that element. If the attack hits an enemy, it will also deal damage in an area around them, with the radius being larger if that enemy is suffering from an ailment of the chosen element. It will avoid choosing the same element twice in a row.;
Skill Gem: Ensnaring Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow that remains in the ground behind its final target, tethering that enemy to it. Ensnared enemies always count as moving, and have less movement speed while trying to break the snare. The snare will break if they leave the area of effect.;
Skill Gem: Ethereal Knives; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arc of knives outwards in front of the caster which deal physical damage.;
Skill Gem: Ethereal Knives of Lingering Blades; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Physical, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arc of knives down into the ground in front of the caster which deal physical damage.
Cannot be supported by Volley.;
Skill Gem: Ethereal Knives of the Massacre; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Fires a circle of knives outwards around the caster which deal physical damage.;
Skill Gem: Explosive Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Duration, Fire, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow which will stick into an enemy or wall, and then explode, dealing area damage around it, either after a duration or when the maximum number of arrows stuck to that target is reached. If an enemy has multiple Explosive Arrows stuck in them, the first one to explode will consume the others, adding their damage to its explosion.;
Skill Gem: Explosive Concoction; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Fire, Cold, Lightning, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Throws a bottle that explodes to deal unarmed attack damage in an area. Can consume charges from your Ruby, Sapphire, and Topaz flasks to add further damage. Requires an empty main hand, and no off-hand weapon.;
Skill Gem: Explosive Concoction of Destruction; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, AoE, Fire, Cold, Lightning, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Throws a bottle that explodes to deal unarmed attack damage in an area. Can consume charges from your Ruby, Sapphire, and Topaz flasks to add further damage. Requires an empty main hand, and no off-hand weapon.;
Skill Gem: Explosive Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, AoE, Fire, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that creates an explosion when triggered, dealing spell damage in an area around it. A number of smaller explosions occur within a secondary area around the trap in quick succession after the first.;
Skill Gem: Explosive Trap of Magnitude; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that creates a large explosion when triggered, dealing spell damage in an area around it.;
Skill Gem: Explosive Trap of Shrapnel; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, AoE, Fire, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that creates an explosion when triggered, dealing spell damage in an area around it. A number of smaller explosions occur within a secondary area around the trap in quick succession after the first.;
Skill Gem: Fire Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that explodes when triggered, dealing fire damage to surrounding enemies and leaving an area of burning ground that damages enemies who walk through it.;
Skill Gem: Fire Trap of Blasting; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that explodes when triggered, dealing fire damage to surrounding enemies.;
Skill Gem: Flamethrower Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that releases a number of flames in different directions around it when triggered. The flames last for a duration, rotating around the trap and repeatedly dealing damage. Burning enemies are dealt more damage.;
Skill Gem: Flicker Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Movement, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Teleports the character to a nearby monster and attacks with a melee weapon. If no specific monster is targeted, one is picked at random. Grants a buff that increases movement speed for a duration. The cooldown can be bypassed by expending a Frenzy Charge.;
Skill Gem: Flicker Strike of Power; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, Melee, Strike, Movement, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Teleports the character to a nearby monster and attacks with a melee weapon. If no specific monster is targeted, one is picked at random. Grants a buff that increases movement speed for a duration. The cooldown can be bypassed by expending a Power Charge.;
Skill Gem: Frenzy; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Performs an attack that gives the character a frenzy charge if it hits. Frenzy charges increase your attack speed.;
Skill Gem: Frenzy of Onslaught; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Performs an attack that gives the character a frenzy charge if it hits. Frenzy charges increase your attack speed.;
Skill Gem: Frost Blades; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Attack enemies with increased range, releasing icy blades from the first enemy hit which fly at other enemies. Requires a Melee Weapon.;
Skill Gem: Frost Blades of Katabasis; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Cold, AoE, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Attack enemies with greatly increased range, creating a chilling area that deals cold damage over time if it hits. Requires a Melee Weapon.;
Skill Gem: Galvanic Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Attack, Projectile, AoE, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fire a trio of electrical arrows that quickly dissipate, vanishing shortly after being loosed. The arrows are fired with such force that they create a burst of lightning, damaging enemies in a cone in front of you.;
Skill Gem: Galvanic Arrow of Energy; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Attack, AoE, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Create a burst of lightning from your Bow, firing no arrows but damaging enemies in a cone in front of you.;
Skill Gem: Galvanic Arrow of Surging; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Attack, Projectile, AoE, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fire a trio of electrical arrows that quickly dissipate, vanishing shortly after being loosed. If the arrows' flight is stopped by colliding with a target, they create a burst of lightning, damaging enemies in a cone behind the target;
Skill Gem: Grace; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants evasion to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Haste; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that increases the movement speed, attack speed and cast speed of you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Hatred; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants extra cold damage based on physical damage to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Herald of Agony; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Herald, Minion, Chaos, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Grants a buff giving more poison damage and a chance to inflict poison. When you poison an enemy while you have this buff, you gain Virulence, and summon an Agony Crawler minion that uses projectile and area attacks. You will lose Virulence over time, at a rate which increases the more Virulence you have. The minion will die when you have no Virulence.;
Skill Gem: Herald of Ice; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Herald; Skill Gem Details: Grants a buff adding cold damage to spells and attacks. If you shatter an enemy, this skill will cause them to explode and deal AoE cold damage to enemies near them. This damage is not affected by modifiers to spell damage.;
Skill Gem: Ice Shot; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Cold, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow that converts some physical damage to cold on its target and converts all physical damage to cold in a cone behind that target.;
Skill Gem: Ice Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that creates a series of icy runic explosions when triggered, dealing cold damage to all enemies caught in the blasts.;
Skill Gem: Ice Trap of Hollowness; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that creates a series of icy runic explosions in a circle around itself when triggered, dealing cold damage to all enemies caught in the blasts.;
Skill Gem: Intuitive Link; Skill Gem Tags: Trigger, Spell, Duration, Link; Skill Gem Details: Targets an allied player to apply a buff which links you to them for a duration. While linked, their hits can trigger your supported spells. If the target dies while linked, you will also die. This skill cannot be triggered, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Lacerate; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slashes twice, releasing waves of force that damage enemies they hit. Enemies in the middle of the slashes can be hit by both. The slashes will have a chance to inflict bleeding in Blood Stance, or have a wider angle in Sand Stance. Can be used with Axes and Swords. You are in Blood Stance by default.;
Skill Gem: Lacerate of Butchering; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slashes twice, releasing wide waves of force that damage enemies they hit. Enemies in the middle of the slashes can be hit by both. Requires a Two Handed Axe or Two Handed Sword.;
Skill Gem: Lacerate of Haemorrhage; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Physical, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Slashes twice, releasing waves of force that damage enemies they hit. Enemies in the middle of the slashes can be hit by both. Requires a One Handed Axe or One Handed Sword.;
Skill Gem: Lancing Steel; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Thrust an Axe or Sword forward, consuming your Steel Shards to form a cluster of shards in front of you. The cluster will fire a number of projectiles in sequence, aiming at enemies in front of or close to it. Steel Shards are gained with the Call of Steel Skill.;
Skill Gem: Lancing Steel of Spraying; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Thrust an Axe or Sword forward to form a cluster of shards in front of you. The cluster will fire a number of projectiles in sequence, aiming at enemies in front of or close to it.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Projectile, Lightning, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a charged arrow which damages enemies by causing them to be struck by a bolt of lightning, which also damages a number of surrounding enemies.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Arrow of Electrocution; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Lightning, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a charged arrow which damages enemies by causing them to be struck by a bolt of lightning. It sticks into the final target, causing them to be struck and damaged multiple times.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Infuses your melee weapon with electrical energies as you swing. In addition to converting some of your physical damage to lightning damage, the stored energy is released from the weapon as projectiles as you strike, flying out to hit farther-away enemies. The projectiles cannot miss if the melee attack hit a target.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Strike of Arcing; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, Lightning, Chaining; Skill Gem Details: Infuses your melee weapon with electrical energies as you swing. In addition to converting some of your physical damage to lightning damage, the stored energy is released from the weapon as a projectile as you strike, flying out to hit farther-away enemies and chain between them. The projectile cannot miss if the melee attack hit a target.;
Skill Gem: Mirror Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Movement, Travel, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow at the target destination. When the arrow lands, a clone is summoned. The clone is a minion that uses your bow and quiver.;
Skill Gem: Mirror Arrow of Bombarding Clones; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Movement, Travel, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow at the target destination. When the arrow lands, a clone is summoned. The clone is a minion that uses your bow and quiver to fire arrows into the air to land around a target.;
Skill Gem: Mirror Arrow of Prismatic Clones; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Minion, Duration, Movement, Travel, Prismatic, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow at the target destination. When the arrow lands, a clone is summoned. The clone is a minion that uses your bow and quiver to fire random elemental arrows.;
Skill Gem: Pestilent Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, AoE, Duration, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Attacks with your weapon, inflicting a debuff on enemies hit by the strike. If a debuffed enemy dies while poisoned, Pestilent Strike inflicts a secondary chaos damage over time debuff on enemies around them, based on the poisons on the slain enemy. This damage is not affected by your damage modifiers. Requires a Claw or Dagger.;
Skill Gem: Phase Run; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Movement, Physical, Travel; Skill Gem Details: Gain a buff that makes you faster, harder to detect, and grants Phasing, letting you pass through enemies. Performing any skill replaces this buff with one that boosts melee physical damage of skills you use yourself (it will not apply to your melee skills used by totems). Consumes Frenzy Charges to increase duration.;
Skill Gem: Plague Bearer; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaos, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Gain an Incubating buff, adding to its Plague Value as you inflict poisons. Use the skill again to begin Infecting, dealing chaos damage over time to nearby enemies until the Plague Value is depleted. Your damage modifiers don't apply to this skill's damage. Using the skill again alternates between Incubating and Infecting.;
Skill Gem: Poacher's Mark; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Spell, Curse, Mark; Skill Gem Details: Curses a single enemy, lowering their physical damage reduction, and adding physical damage to all hits against them. Attacking the cursed enemy will grant life and mana, and killing them will grant a frenzy charge. You can only have one Mark at a time.;
Skill Gem: Poisonous Concoction; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Chaos, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Throws a bottle that explodes to deal unarmed attack damage in an area and has a chance to poison. Can consume charges from a Life flask to add further damage. Requires an empty main hand, and no off-hand weapon.;
Skill Gem: Precision; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Critical, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants accuracy and critical strike chance to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Puncture; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Duration, Melee, Strike, Physical, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Punctures enemies, causing a bleeding debuff, which will be affected by modifiers to skill duration. Puncture works with bows, daggers, claws or swords.;
Skill Gem: Purity of Ice; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants cold resistance to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Rain of Arrows; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires multiple arrows into the air, to land in sequence after a delay, starting at the targeted location and spreading outwards in all directions. Each arrow deals damage in an area around it. Half of the arrows will land directly on targets if there are targets in their range.;
Skill Gem: Rain of Arrows of Artillery; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires multiple arrows into the air, to land in sequence after a delay, starting in front of you and proceeding in a line in the direction of the target. Each arrow deals damage in an area around it.;
Skill Gem: Rain of Arrows of Saturation; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires multiple arrows into the air, to slowly land in sequence after a delay, starting at the targeted location and spreading outwards in all directions. Each arrow deals damage in an area around it. Half of the arrows will land directly on targets if there are targets in their range.;
Skill Gem: Reave; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Attacks an area in front of you. Each Reave that hits an enemy grants stages, which you will begin to lose after a short period without hitting anything. Only works with Daggers, Claws, and One-Handed Swords.;
Skill Gem: Reave of Refraction; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Attacks an area in front of you. Each Reave that hits an enemy grants stages, which you will begin to lose after a short period without hitting anything. Only works with Daggers, Claws, and One-Handed Swords.;
Skill Gem: Riposte; Skill Gem Tags: Trigger, Attack, Melee, Strike, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Perform a deadly counter-attack when you block. Uses both weapons while you're dual wielding.;
Skill Gem: Scourge Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Channelling, Chaos, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Channel to infuse an arrow with chaos, gaining stages while it is held. Release to fire it, leaving spore pods in its wake. Each spore pod blooms, firing thorn arrows, which travel for a short time before dissipating. Modifiers that cause additional projectiles to be fired will only apply to the initial arrows, and the spore pods will be divided between those arrows.;
Skill Gem: Scourge Arrow of Menace; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Chaos, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fire an arrow that leaves a spore pod in its wake. The spore pod blooms, firing thorn arrows, which travel for a short time before dissipating. Modifiers that cause additional projectiles to be fired will only apply to the initial arrows, each of which leaves its own spore pod.;
Skill Gem: Seismic Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, repeatedly releases a number of waves for a duration. Each wave deals damage in a series of small bursts in a line, ending with a larger burst.;
Skill Gem: Seismic Trap of Swells; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, releases a number of waves. Each wave deals damage in a series of small bursts in a line, ending with a larger burst.;
Skill Gem: Shattering Steel; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Swing an Axe or Sword, firing projectiles which shatter on impact or soon after being launched, dealing area damage in front of where they shatter.;
Skill Gem: Shattering Steel of Ammunition; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Physical, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Swing an Axe or Sword, consuming Steel Shards to gain a Steel Ward that protects you for a duration, and fire projectiles which shatter on impact or soon after being launched, dealing area damage in front of where they shatter. Steel Shards are gained with the Call of Steel Skill.;
Skill Gem: Shrapnel Ballista; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Totem, Physical, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Summons a ballista totem that fires multiple arrows with extreme force, breaking them apart into shrapnel. Enemies can be hit by multiple arrows from the same attack. Requires a Bow.;
Skill Gem: Shrapnel Ballista of Steel; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Totem, Physical, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Summons a ballista totem that consumes your Steel Shards to fire multiple arrows with extreme force, breaking them apart into shrapnel. Enemies can be hit by multiple arrows from the same attack. Requires a Bow. Steel Shards are gained with the Call of Steel Skill.;
Skill Gem: Siege Ballista; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Totem, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Summons a ballista totem that attacks with piercing arrows. Requires a Bow.;
Skill Gem: Siege Ballista of Splintering; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Totem, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Summons a ballista totem that attacks with forking arrows.
Requires a Bow.;
Skill Gem: Smoke Mine; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Spell, AoE, Duration, Movement, Travel, Blink; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that will teleport you to it when detonated. It covers both your escape and arrival with a cloud of smoke that blinds enemies, and gives you a temporary buff to movement speed. Shares a cooldown with other Blink skills.;
Skill Gem: Snipe; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Channelling, Physical, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Channel to charge up your bow, gaining stages. Release to trigger one supported bow skill for each stage gained. If there are no supported skills, but at least one stage was gained, this skill will fire its own arrow instead. Cannot be used by Totems.;
Skill Gem: Sniper's Mark; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Curse, Mark; Skill Gem Details: Curses a single enemy, increasing the damage they take from projectiles, and making projectiles split when hitting them, to hit other targets around them. You can only have one Mark at a time.;
Skill Gem: Spectral Helix; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Throws a spectral copy of your melee weapon. It spins around while flying in a large spiral, damaging enemies in its path, and bouncing if it collides with walls.;
Skill Gem: Spectral Shield Throw; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Throws a spectral copy of your shield as a projectile which cannot pierce, and deals off-hand damage augmented by the defences of the shield. When it collides with something it will shatter, launching a number of smaller shards as projectiles in all directions. Modifiers that cause additional projectiles to be fired will add more shards, not more copies of the shield.;
Skill Gem: Spectral Shield Throw of Shattering; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Throws a spectral copy of your shield as a projectile which cannot pierce, and deals off-hand damage augmented by the evasion of the shield. When it collides with something it will shatter, launching a number of smaller shards as projectiles in all directions. Modifiers that cause additional projectiles to be fired will add more shards, not more copies of the shield.;
Skill Gem: Spectral Throw; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Throws a spectral copy of your melee weapon. It flies out and then returns to you, in a spinning attack that damages enemies in its path.;
Skill Gem: Spectral Throw of Materialising; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Throws an intangible spectral copy of your melee weapon. It flies out and then becomes tangible as it returns to you, in a spinning attack that only hits and damages enemies while returning.;
Skill Gem: Split Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Physical, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires multiple arrows at different targets.;
Skill Gem: Split Arrow of Splitting; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow that splits to hit different targets.;
Skill Gem: Splitting Steel; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Fire a single projectile that splits on impact or at the targeted location, dealing area damage when it splits and again when the split projectiles explode at the end of their flight. Requires a Sword or Axe.;
Skill Gem: Splitting Steel of Ammunition; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Consume Steel Shards to fire a single projectile that splits on impact or at the targeted location, dealing area damage when it splits and again when the split projectiles explode at the end of their flight. Requires a Sword or Axe. Steel Shards are gained with the Call of Steel Skill.;
Skill Gem: Storm Rain; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Lightning, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow into the air to land at a targeted location, dealing area damage. The arrow sticks in the ground where it lands, and periodically fires a beam of lightning to another arrow near it, dealing area damage between them.;
Skill Gem: Storm Rain of the Conduit; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Lightning, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow into the air to land at a targeted location, dealing area damage. The arrow sticks in the ground where it lands, and periodically fires a beam of lightning to you, dealing area damage between the arrow and you.;
Skill Gem: Storm Rain of the Fence; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Lightning, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow into the air to land at a targeted location, dealing area damage. The arrow sticks in the ground where it lands, and periodically fires a beam of lightning to another arrow near it, dealing area damage between them.;
Skill Gem: Summon Ice Golem; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Cold, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons an Ice Golem that grants you increased Critical Strike Chance and Accuracy. The Ice Golem can use an icy barrage spell and a chilling spinning attack in addition to its melee attack.;
Skill Gem: Summon Ice Golem of Hordes; Skill Gem Tags: Cold, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons an Ice Golem. The Ice Golem can use an icy barrage spell and a chilling spinning attack in addition to its melee attack.;
Skill Gem: Summon Ice Golem of Shattering; Skill Gem Tags: Cold, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons an Ice Golem. The Ice Golem can use an icy barrage spell and a chilling spinning attack in addition to its melee attack. If reduced to low life it will trigger a spell that destroys itself to deal area damage and fire icy projectiles in a circle.;
Skill Gem: Temporal Chains; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all enemies in an area, lowering their action speed and making other effects on them expire more slowly.;
Skill Gem: Temporal Rift; Skill Gem Tags: Spell; Skill Gem Details: Reserves mana to apply a buff and leave afterimages of your recent past. Cast the spell again to return to the oldest afterimage, teleporting to that location as well as resetting your Life, Mana and Energy Shield to the values they had then.;
Skill Gem: Tornado; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Physical, AoE, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Create a Tornado that hinders and repeatedly damages enemies around it. It will move forward for a duration, during which your projectiles can collide with it to deal damage as though it was an enemy. Then it will chase down enemies for a secondary duration, and reflect a portion of the damage it took from your projectiles to them in addition to its own damage.;
Skill Gem: Tornado Shot; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a piercing shot that travels until it reaches the targeted location. It will then fire projectiles out in all directions from that point, which will travel for a short time before disappearing.;
Skill Gem: Tornado Shot of Cloudburst; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a single payload arrow into the air to land at a targeted location. It will then fire arrows out in all directions from that point.;
Skill Gem: Toxic Rain; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Chaos, Duration, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fire arrows into the air that rain down around the targeted area, dealing damage to enemies they hit and creating spore pods where they land. Each spore pod deals chaos damage over time to nearby enemies and slows their movement speed. The pods last for a duration before bursting, dealing area damage.;
Skill Gem: Toxic Rain of Sporeburst; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Chaos, Duration, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fire arrows into the air that rain down around the targeted area, dealing damage to enemies they hit and creating spore pods where they land. Each spore pod slows the movement speed of nearby enemies. The pods last for a duration before bursting, dealing area damage.;
Skill Gem: Toxic Rain of Withering; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Chaos, Duration, Projectile, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fire arrows into the air that rain down around the targeted area, dealing damage to enemies they hit and creating spore pods where they land. Each spore pod deals chaos damage over time to nearby enemies and withers them, causing them to take increased chaos damage. The pods last for a duration before bursting, dealing area damage.;
Skill Gem: Unearth; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, AoE, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Fires a projectile that will pierce through enemies to impact the ground at the targeted location, creating a Bone Archer corpse where it lands.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Animate Weapon; Skill Gem Tags: Duration, Minion, Spell, Vaal, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Animates multiple Melee Weapon Items and Lingering Blades to fight by your side, and transforms them into different, unique weapons. You cannot animate unidentified Weapons. Will not animate weapons with 6 sockets. Cannot be used by Traps or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Arctic Armour; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Cold, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Immediately encases you in ice, protecting you for a duration or until you take damage from a number of hits, and also grants a buff once the cast time has finished. You cannot move or perform non-instant actions while in the ice. When the ice breaks, the buff is also removed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Blade Flurry; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Channelling, Physical, Vaal, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Channel to create an expanding circle area around you that blinds enemies within it. When you stop channelling, deals damage in a smaller area around each enemy in the circle. Requires a Dagger, Claw or One-Handed Sword.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Blade Vortex; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Creates an independently-moving vortex of ethereal blades which lasts for a duration. The vortex moves toward nearby enemies, repeatedly damaging enemies that it passes through.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Burning Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Vaal, Fire, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow that explodes, dealing fire damage to its target and other nearby enemies, with an increased chance of igniting them.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Caustic Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Duration, Chaos, Vaal, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires a slow-moving serpentine arrow which deals chaos damage while piercing enemies, and leaves a trail of caustic ground. Enemies standing on the caustic ground take chaos damage over time.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Cyclone; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Melee, Movement, Channelling, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Spin and attack in place, damaging nearby enemies and pulling others towards you. While using this skill, you cannot be stunned or knocked back. Cannot be supported by Ruthless.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Detonate Dead; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Vaal, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Targets a corpse, and deals spell damage to enemies around the corpse, as well as causing the corpse to explode, dealing fire damage. The explosion is not affected by modifiers to spell damage and cannot be reflected. This will continue to target other corpses in the area, with an increasing delay between each one, until it runs out of corpses or has destroyed 22 corpses.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Double Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Duration, Vaal, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Performs two fast strikes with a melee weapon, each of which summons a double of you for a duration to continuously attack monsters in this fashion.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Flicker Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Movement, Vaal, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Repeatedly teleports to enemies and hits them, inflicting a wound but dealing no damage. After the repeating finishes, each enemy is hit by the total damage of their wounds, which are removed.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Grace; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Casts a temporary aura that grants you and your allies additional chance to evade attacks, and makes suppressed spell damage unlucky against you.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Haste; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Casts a temporary aura that increases the movement speed, attack speed and cast speed of you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Ice Shot; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE, Cold, Vaal, Duration, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires an arrow that converts some physical damage to cold on its target and converts all physical damage to cold in a cone behind that target. When you use this skill, it summons a squad of Mirage Sharpshooters for a duration. Cannot be used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Impurity of Ice; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that reduces cold damage taken and provides freeze and chill immunity to you and nearby allies, and makes hits against nearby enemies ignore their cold resistance.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Lightning Arrow; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Projectile, Lightning, Vaal, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires charged arrows, which repeatedly travel for a short time before changing direction. When they hit enemies, they are struck by a bolt of lightning which damages a number of surrounding enemies.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Lightning Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Duration, Vaal, Lightning, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Infuses your melee weapon with electrical energies as you swing. In addition to converting some of your physical damage to lightning damage, the stored energy becomes an orb attached to the enemy you hit, or the ground if you don't hit an enemy. The orb will periodically fire projectiles at other nearby enemies for a duration, which will also damage the enemy the orb is attached to.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Rain of Arrows; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Projectile, Vaal, Bow; Skill Gem Details: Fires multiple arrows into the air, to land in multiple sequences after a delay, each starting at the targeted location and spreading outwards in all directions. Each arrow deals damage in an area around it. Half of the arrows will land directly on targets if there are targets in their range.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Reave; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, AoE, Vaal, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Repeatedly attacks a large area in different directions. Each Vaal Reave that hits an enemy grants stages, which you will begin to lose after a short period without hitting anything. Only works with Daggers, Claws, and One-Handed Swords.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Spectral Throw; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Throws several spectral copies of your melee weapon. They fly out and then return to you, in a spinning attack that damages enemies in their path.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Venom Gyre; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Chaos, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Creates already-caught projectiles without firing them first, both immediately and over a secondary duration. Caught projectiles spiral outwards when you use Whirling Blades and do not return. Requires a Dagger or Claw.;
Skill Gem: Vampiric Link; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Link; Skill Gem Details: Targets an allied player to apply a buff which links you to them for a duration. While linked, they get recovery from your life leech instead of you. If the target dies while linked, you will also die. This skill cannot be triggered, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Venom Gyre; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, Chaos, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Fires a returning projectile that can be caught. Caught projectiles spiral outwards when you use Whirling Blades and do not return. Requires a Dagger or Claw.;
Skill Gem: Viper Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Duration, Melee, Strike, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Hits enemies, converting some of your physical damage to chaos damage and inflicting poison which will be affected by modifiers to skill duration. If dual wielding, will strike with both weapons. Requires a claw, dagger or sword.;
Skill Gem: Viper Strike of the Mamba; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Duration, Melee, Strike, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Hits enemies, converting some of your physical damage to chaos damage and inflicting poison which will be affected by modifiers to skill duration. If dual wielding, deals the damage of both weapons in one strike. Requires a claw, dagger or sword.;
Skill Gem: Volatile Dead; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Corpses near the targeted location explode, dealing damage in a small area and creating an orb which moves towards nearby enemies before dealing spell damage in a larger area. The explosion of the corpse is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Volatile Dead of Confinement; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Corpses near the targeted location explode, dealing damage in a small area and creating an orb which detonates after a duration, dealing spell damage in a larger area. The explosion of the corpse is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Volatile Dead of Seething; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Corpses near the targeted location explode, dealing damage in a small area and creating an orb which moves towards nearby enemies before dealing spell damage in a larger area. The explosion of the corpse is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Whirling Blades; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Movement, Travel, Melee; Skill Gem Details: Dive through enemies, dealing weapon damage. If dual wielding attacks with both weapons, dealing the damage of both in one hit. Only works with Daggers, Claws, and One-Handed Swords. Cannot be supported by Multistrike.;
Skill Gem: Wild Strike; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Lightning, Cold, Fire, Projectile, AoE, Chaining, Prismatic; Skill Gem Details: Your melee weapon strikes enemies, converting physical damage to a random element. Then, depending on the element chosen, it releases a fiery explosion, an arcing bolt of lightning, or an icy wave. It will avoid choosing the same element twice in a row.;
Skill Gem: Wild Strike of Extremes; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Melee, Strike, Lightning, Cold, Fire, Projectile, AoE, Chaining, Prismatic; Skill Gem Details: Your melee weapon strikes enemies, converting physical damage to a random element. Then, depending on the element chosen, it releases a fiery explosion, an arcing bolt of lightning, or an icy wave. It will avoid choosing the same element twice in a row.;
Skill Gem: Withering Step; Skill Gem Tags: Travel, AoE, Chaos, Movement, Blink, Spell, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Grants Elusive and a buff that grants Phasing. While you have this buff, monsters that enter an area around you will be Withered. Using a skill or losing the Elusive buff ends this skill's effects. Shares a cooldown with other Blink skills. Cannot be used while already Elusive.;
Skill Gem: Arc; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaining, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: An arc of lightning reaches from the caster to a targeted enemy and chains to other enemies, but not immediately back. Each time the arc chains, it will also chain a secondary arc to another enemy that the main arc has not already hit, which cannot chain further.;
Skill Gem: Arc of Oscillating; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaining, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: An arc of lightning reaches from the caster to a targeted enemy and chains to other enemies. Each time the arc chains, it will also chain a secondary arc to another enemy, but this secondary arc cannot chain further.;
Skill Gem: Arc of Surging; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: An arc of lightning reaches from the caster to a targeted enemy and splits to simultaneously hit several other enemies.;
Skill Gem: Arcane Cloak; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Guard, Lightning, Arcane; Skill Gem Details: Spends a portion of your mana to grant a buff that takes some of the damage from hits for you until depleted. The buff grants added lightning damage based on the amount of mana spent by this skill. Shares a cooldown with other Guard skills.;
Skill Gem: Arcanist Brand; Skill Gem Tags: Trigger, Spell, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, triggering linked spells. The brand will detach if the enemy dies.;
Skill Gem: Armageddon Brand; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, causing a fiery meteor to fall from the sky. The brand will detach if the enemy dies.;
Skill Gem: Armageddon Brand of Recall; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, causing a fiery meteor to fall from the sky. The brand will detach if the enemy dies.;
Skill Gem: Armageddon Brand of Volatility; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It activates once, causing a fiery meteor to fall from the sky, then is destroyed.;
Skill Gem: Assassin's Mark; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, Curse, Mark; Skill Gem Details: Curses a single enemy, making them more vulnerable to Critical Strikes. Killing the cursed enemy will grant life and mana, and a power charge. You can only have one Mark at a time.;
Skill Gem: Ball Lightning; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Fires a slow-moving projectile that damages each enemy in an area around it repeatedly with bolts of lightning.;
Skill Gem: Ball Lightning of Orbiting; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Fires a single projectile which moves in a spiral while damaging each enemy in an area around it repeatedly with bolts of lightning.;
Skill Gem: Ball Lightning of Static; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Creates a ball of lightning at a location that damages each enemy in an area around it repeatedly with bolts of lightning. Cannot be supported by Spell Echo.;
Skill Gem: Bane; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Trigger, Spell, AoE, Duration, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Applies a debuff to enemies in an area, which deals chaos damage over Time. Linked hex curses are also applied to those enemies. The debuff deals more damage and lasts longer for each hex applied this way.  This skill cannot be used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Bane of Condemnation; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Trigger, Spell, AoE, Duration, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Applies a debuff to enemies in a small area, which deals chaos damage over Time. Linked hex curses are also applied to those enemies. The debuff deals more damage and lasts longer for each hex applied this way.  This skill cannot be used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Blazing Salvo; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fires projectiles which fly in an arc, dealing area damage on impact with either enemies or the ground near where you target. Targeting farther away causes the projectiles to spread out and land over a wider area.;
Skill Gem: Blight; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaos, AoE, Channelling, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Apply a debuff to enemies in front of you which deals chaos damage over time. Enemies who aren't already debuffed by Blight are also hindered for a shorter secondary duration, slowing their movement. Continued channelling adds layers of damage to the debuff, each with their own duration.;
Skill Gem: Blight of Atrophy; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaos, AoE, Channelling, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Apply a debuff to enemies in front of you which deals chaos damage over time. Enemies who aren't already debuffed by Blight are also hindered for a longer secondary duration, slowing their movement and reducing their life regeneration rate. Continued channelling adds layers of damage to the debuff, each with their own duration.;
Skill Gem: Blight of Contagion; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaos, AoE, Channelling, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Apply a debuff to enemies in front of you which deals chaos damage over time. Enemies who aren't already debuffed by Blight are also hindered for a shorter secondary duration, slowing their movement. Continued channelling adds layers of damage to the debuff, each with their own duration. The damaging debuff is spread by Contagion.;
Skill Gem: Bodyswap; Skill Gem Tags: Movement, Spell, AoE, Fire, Travel; Skill Gem Details: Violently destroys your body and recreates it at the location of a targeted enemy or corpse, dealing spell damage in an area at both locations. If there is no specific target, it will prioritise corpses over enemies. If targeting a corpse, the corpse will also explode, dealing damage around it that is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected. This spell cannot be repeated.;
Skill Gem: Bodyswap of Sacrifice; Skill Gem Tags: Movement, Spell, AoE, Fire, Travel, Minion; Skill Gem Details: Violently destroys your body and recreates it at the location of a targeted enemy or damageable minion, dealing spell damage in an area at both locations. If there is no specific target, it will prioritise minions over enemies. If targeting a minion, the minion will also be destroyed in an explosion which deals damage around it that is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected. This spell cannot be repeated.;
Skill Gem: Bone Offering; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Consumes a corpse, granting all of your minions the power to block both attacks and spells. The skill consumes other nearby corpses, increasing the duration for each corpse consumed.;
Skill Gem: Brand Recall; Skill Gem Tags: Brand, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Recall your brands to you, detaching them from enemies and increasing attachment range until they next attach to an enemy. Spends a portion of each recalled brand's cost to cause it to activate.;
Skill Gem: Clarity; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants mana regeneration to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Cold Snap; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Creates a sudden burst of cold in a targeted area, damaging enemies. Also creates an expanding area which is filled with chilled ground, and deals cold damage over time to enemies. Enemies that die while in the area have a chance to grant Frenzy Charges. The cooldown can be bypassed by expending a Frenzy Charge.;
Skill Gem: Cold Snap of Power; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Creates a sudden burst of cold in a targeted area, damaging enemies. The cooldown can be bypassed by expending a Power Charge.;
Skill Gem: Conductivity; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, lowering their lightning resistance and giving them a chance to be shocked when hit.;
Skill Gem: Contagion; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Unleashes a vile contagion on enemies, dealing chaos damage over time. If an enemy dies while affected by Contagion, the debuff spreads to other enemies.;
Skill Gem: Contagion of Subsiding; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Unleashes a vile contagion on enemies, dealing chaos damage over time. If an enemy dies while affected by Contagion, the debuff spreads to other enemies, but each time it spreads, it only deals three quarters as much damage as before.;
Skill Gem: Contagion of Transference; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Chaos; Skill Gem Details: Unleashes a vile contagion on enemies, dealing chaos damage over time. If an enemy is hit while affected by Contagion, the debuff spreads to other enemies.;
Skill Gem: Conversion Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that, when triggered by an enemy, converts that enemy to your side for a short duration. Does not affect unique monsters or players.;
Skill Gem: Convocation; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Recalls all minions that are following you to your location, and grants them a temporary life regeneration effect.;
Skill Gem: Crackling Lance; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Release a beam which deals lightning damage to enemies in a long area in front of you, and has several smaller beams branch off from it at an angle, hitting more enemies to the sides.;
Skill Gem: Crackling Lance of Branching; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Release a beam which deals lightning damage to enemies in a long area in front of you, and has several smaller beams branch off from it at an angle, hitting more enemies to the sides.;
Skill Gem: Crackling Lance of Disintegration; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Release a concentrated beam which deals lightning damage to enemies in a long area in front of you.;
Skill Gem: Creeping Frost; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Fire an icy projectile that bursts on impact or when reaching the targeted area, dealing area damage and creating a chilling area that deals cold damage over time. This area will creep across the ground towards nearby enemies until its duration expires.;
Skill Gem: Dark Pact; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, AoE, Chaining, Chaos, Nova; Skill Gem Details: This spell removes some life from one of your Skeleton minions near you or the targeted location to deal chaos damage in an area around it. This effect will chain to your other nearby skeletons. If you have no skeletons near you or the targeted location, it will sacrifice your own life to deal damage instead.;
Skill Gem: Despair; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Chaos, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, lowering their chaos resistance.;
Skill Gem: Destructive Link; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, Duration, Link; Skill Gem Details: Targets an allied player to apply a buff which links you to them for a duration. While linked, they use your main hand critical strike chance. If the target dies while linked, you will also die. This skill cannot be triggered, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Discharge; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Cold, Lightning, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Discharge all the character's charges to deal elemental damage to all nearby monsters.;
Skill Gem: Discharge of Misery; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Cold, Lightning, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Discharge all the character's charges to deal elemental damage to all nearby monsters.;
Skill Gem: Discipline; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants additional energy shield and increased energy shield recharge rate to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Divine Ire; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Spell, AoE, Channelling, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Channelling draws in energy around you to repeatedly build up stages, damaging a number of nearby enemies when you do so. Release to unleash this energy in a burst around you and a beam in front of you. Modifiers to area of effect do not affect the beam. Maximum of 10 Stages.;
Skill Gem: Divine Ire of Disintegration; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Spell, AoE, Channelling, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Channelling draws in energy around you to repeatedly build up stages. Release to unleash this energy in a beam in front of you. Modifiers to area of effect do not affect this skill. Maximum of 10 Stages.;
Skill Gem: Divine Ire of Holy Lightning; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Spell, AoE, Channelling, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Channelling draws in energy around you to repeatedly build up stages, damaging a number of nearby enemies when you do so. Release to unleash this energy in a powerful burst around you. Maximum of 10 Stages.;
Skill Gem: Elemental Weakness; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, lowering their elemental resistances.;
Skill Gem: Energy Blade; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Grants a buff which significantly lowers your maximum Energy Shield to transform your equipped weapons into Swords formed from that energy. Casting the spell again removes the buff. Requires a Non-Bow weapon. This skill cannot be triggered.;
Skill Gem: Enfeeble; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, reducing their accuracy and making them deal less damage.;
Skill Gem: Essence Drain; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Chaos, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Fires a projectile that applies a damage over time debuff when it hits. You are healed for a portion of the debuff damage. The debuff is spread by Contagion.;
Skill Gem: Essence Drain of Desperation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Chaos, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Fires a projectile that applies a damage over time debuff when it hits. You lose Life and Energy Shield equal to a portion of the debuff damage. The debuff is spread by Contagion.;
Skill Gem: Essence Drain of Wickedness; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Chaos, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Fires a piercing projectile that applies a damage over time debuff when it hits. You are healed for a portion of the debuff damage.;
Skill Gem: Eye of Winter; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Fires a single eye projectile which constantly releases shard projectiles in a spiral. The shards will damage enemies they impact, dealing cold damage. The eye cannot damage enemies. When the eye dissipates or collides with terrain, it releases a faster spiral of extra shards.;
Skill Gem: Eye of Winter of Finality; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Fires a single eye projectile which cannot damage enemies. When the eye dissipates or collides with terrain, it releases a fast spiral of shards. The shards will deal cold damage to enemies they impact.;
Skill Gem: Eye of Winter of Transience; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Fires a single eye projectile which releases a number shard projectiles in a spiral before dissipating. The shards will damage enemies they impact, dealing cold damage. The eye cannot damage enemies.;
Skill Gem: Fireball; Skill Gem Tags: Projectile, Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Unleashes a ball of fire towards a target which explodes, damaging nearby foes.;
Skill Gem: Firestorm; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Flaming bolts rain down over the targeted area. They explode when landing, dealing damage to nearby enemies.;
Skill Gem: Firestorm of Meteors; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: A large flaming bolt falls towards the targeted area. The bolt explodes when landing, dealing damage to nearby enemies.;
Skill Gem: Firestorm of Pelting; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Flaming bolts rain down over the targeted area. They explode when landing, dealing damage to nearby enemies.;
Skill Gem: Flame Dash; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Movement, Duration, Fire, Travel, Blink; Skill Gem Details: Teleport to a location, damaging enemies and leaving a trail of burning ground. Shares a cooldown with other Blink skills.;
Skill Gem: Flame Dash of Return; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Movement, Duration, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Teleport to a location, damaging enemies and leaving a trail of burning ground, then repeat the teleport in the other direction. Cannot be triggered, or used by a totem, trap or mine.;
Skill Gem: Flame Surge; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Strikes enemies in front of you with a surge of flame. Burning enemies are dealt more damage. If you hit an ignited enemy, will create burning ground under them. Your damage modifiers don't apply to this burning ground.;
Skill Gem: Flame Surge of Combusting; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Strikes enemies in front of you with a surge of flame. If this ignites an enemy a large area of burning ground will be created under them. Your damage modifiers don't apply to this burning ground.;
Skill Gem: Flame Wall; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Create a wall of fire for a duration, which deals burning damage to everything in its area. Each enemy that enters the wall also receives a secondary burning debuff which persists for a short duration after leaving the wall. Any projectiles fired through the wall by you and allies deal added fire damage and apply the wall's secondary debuff on hit.;
Skill Gem: Flameblast; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Channels to build up a large explosion, which is released when you stop using the skill. The longer you channel, the larger the area of effect and damage of the explosion.;
Skill Gem: Flameblast of Celerity; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Channels to build up an explosion, which is released when you stop using the skill or automatically at maximum stages. The longer you channel, the larger the area of effect and damage of the explosion.;
Skill Gem: Flameblast of Contraction; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Channels to concentrate an explosion, which is released when you stop using the skill. The longer you channel, the larger the damage of the explosion, but the smaller the area.;
Skill Gem: Flammability; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, lowering their fire resistance and giving them a chance to be ignited when hit.;
Skill Gem: Flesh Offering; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Consumes a corpse, which temporarily empowers your minions with swiftness. The skill consumes other nearby corpses, increasing the duration for each corpse consumed.;
Skill Gem: Forbidden Rite; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Chaos, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Lobs an exploding projectile near the targeted location, and extra projectiles toward enemies around you. The projectiles deal chaos damage based on your life and energy shield. Casting this spell damages you.;
Skill Gem: Forbidden Rite of Soul Sacrifice; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Chaos, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Lobs an exploding projectile near the targeted location, and extra projectiles toward enemies around you. The projectiles deal chaos damage based on your energy shield. Casting this spell damages you.;
Skill Gem: Freezing Pulse; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: An icy projectile which has a chance to freeze enemies it passes through. The projectile fades quickly, reducing damage and freezing chance until it dissipates.;
Skill Gem: Frost Bomb; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Cold, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Creates a crystal that pulses with cold for a duration. Each pulse applies a debuff to nearby enemies for a secondary duration which reduces life regeneration rate, and also inflicts Cold Exposure. When the crystal's duration ends, it explodes, dealing heavy cold damage to enemies around it.;
Skill Gem: Frost Bomb of Forthcoming; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Creates a crystal which lasts for a duration. When the crystal's duration ends, it explodes, dealing heavy cold damage to enemies around it.;
Skill Gem: Frost Bomb of Instability; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Creates a crystal which lasts for a duration. When the crystal's duration ends, it explodes, dealing cold damage to enemies around it.;
Skill Gem: Frost Shield; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Duration, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Place a Frost Shield that drains your energy shield for one second or until you run out, gaining stages while this drain occurs. The Frost Shield takes some damage from hits in place of you and allies while in its area. Enemies in the area are Chilled. You can only have one Frost Shield active at once.;
Skill Gem: Frost Wall; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Creates a wall of ice which holds back enemies. Targets under the wall are damaged and pushed back.;
Skill Gem: Frostbite; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Cold, Curse, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Curses all targets in an area, lowering their cold resistance and giving them a chance to be frozen when hit.;
Skill Gem: Frostblink; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Movement, Duration, Cold, Travel, Blink, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Teleport to a location, damaging enemies and leaving Chilled ground in an area at both ends of the teleport. Shares a cooldown with other Blink skills.;
Skill Gem: Frostblink of Wintry Blast; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Movement, Cold, Travel, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Teleport to a location, damaging enemies in an area at both ends of the teleport. Deals higher damage to chilled enemies, then removes chill from them. Cannot be supported by Unleash.;
Skill Gem: Frostbolt; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Fires a slow-moving projectile that pierces through enemies, dealing cold damage.;
Skill Gem: Galvanic Field; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning, Chaining, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Applies a buff boosting chance to shock. When you shock an enemy while you have this buff, creates a spherical field of energy attached to the shocked enemy for a duration, which will damage it and other nearby enemies with beams of lightning. The strength of the field depends on the magnitude of shock affecting the enemy when it is created.;
Skill Gem: Galvanic Field of Intensity; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning, Chaining, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Applies a buff boosting chance to shock. When you shock an enemy while you have this buff, creates a spherical field of energy attached to the shocked enemy for a duration, which will damage it and other nearby enemies with beams of lightning.;
Skill Gem: Glacial Cascade; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Icicles emerge from the ground in a series of small bursts, each damaging enemies caught in the area and knocking them back in the direction of the next burst.;
Skill Gem: Glacial Cascade of the Fissure; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Icicles emerge from the ground in a series of small bursts, each damaging enemies caught in the area.;
Skill Gem: Herald of Thunder; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning, Herald; Skill Gem Details: Grants a buff which adds lightning damage to spells and attacks. If you kill a shocked enemy, this skill will create a storm, causing lightning bolts to strike enemies around you for a duration. The damage inflicted by this skill is not affected by modifiers to spell damage.;
Skill Gem: Hexblast; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Chaos, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Deals chaos damage to a single enemy, dealing more damage if they are Hexed, then removing the Hex. If the enemy was Hexed, also deals area damage to other enemies around the target, boosting damage and removing Hexes from those enemies in the same way.;
Skill Gem: Hexblast of Contradiction; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Chaos, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Deals chaos damage to a single enemy, dealing more damage if they are Hexed, then removing the Hex. If the enemy was Hexed, also deals area damage to other enemies around the target, boosting damage and removing Hexes from those enemies in the same way.;
Skill Gem: Hexblast of Havoc; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Chaos, Hex; Skill Gem Details: Deals chaos damage to a single enemy. If the enemy was Hexed, also deals area damage to other enemies around the target.;
Skill Gem: Hydrosphere; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Cold, Orb, Lightning, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Create a sphere of water, or move an existing sphere and reset its duration. The sphere continually applies a drenched debuff with a short duration to enemies in its area or those it moves through. You can hit the sphere with other skills to inflict Cold and Lightning Ailments (other than Chill). The sphere pulses when created, at regular intervals while afflicted by an Ailment, and after moving, damaging all drenched enemies in a large area.;
Skill Gem: Ice Nova; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Nova; Skill Gem Details: A circle of ice expands from the caster.;
Skill Gem: Ice Nova of Deep Freeze; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Nova; Skill Gem Details: A circle of ice expands from the caster.;
Skill Gem: Ice Nova of Frostbolts; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Nova; Skill Gem Details: A circle of ice expands from the caster. If the caster targets near their Frostbolt projectiles, it will expand from a number of those projectiles instead. If this skill would repeat when cast this way, it will instead expand again from the same projectiles after a short delay.;
Skill Gem: Ice Spear; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Launches shards of ice in rapid succession. After travelling a short distance they change to a second form, which moves much faster and pierces through enemies.;
Skill Gem: Ice Spear of Splitting; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Launches a shard of ice that splits on hitting terrain or enemies. After splitting, the projectiles are in second form, which moves much faster and pierces through enemies.;
Skill Gem: Icicle Mine; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Critical, Spell, Projectile, Cold, Aura, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that fires projectiles around it when detonated. These projectiles quickly dissipate as they travel, before disappearing.;
Skill Gem: Icicle Mine of Fanning; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Critical, Spell, Projectile, Cold, Aura, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that fires projectiles at enemies when detonated. These projectiles quickly dissipate as they travel, before disappearing.;
Skill Gem: Icicle Mine of Sabotage; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Critical, Spell, Projectile, Cold, Aura, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that fires projectiles around it when detonated. These projectiles quickly dissipate as they travel, before disappearing.;
Skill Gem: Incinerate; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Fire, Channelling, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Continuously launches a torrent of fire from your hand, repeatedly damaging enemies. As you channel this spell longer, the flames spread wider close to you and spread longer directly in front of you. When you stop channelling you release a wave of fire damage over a wide and long area that will apply a powerful Ignite.;
Skill Gem: Kinetic Blast; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Fires a projectile from a Wand that causes a series of small explosions surrounding its point of impact, each damaging enemies caught in the area.;
Skill Gem: Kinetic Bolt; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fire a projectile from your wand that changes direction in a zig-zag pattern at regular intervals or when hitting enemies. Each time it changes direction, a secondary projectile breaks off, flying in the direction it changed away from.;
Skill Gem: Kinetic Bolt of Fragmentation; Skill Gem Tags: Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fire a projectile from your wand that changes direction in a zig-zag pattern at regular intervals or when hitting enemies. Each time it changes direction, a secondary projectile breaks off, flying in the direction it changed away from. Multiple of these projectiles can hit the same target.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Conduit; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Lightning strikes all Shocked enemies around a targeted location, then removes Shock from those enemies. Shocks cannot expire on enemies in range while casting this spell. Cannot be supported by Spell Cascade or Unleash.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Conduit of the Heavens; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Lightning strikes a number of enemies around a targeted location. Cannot be supported by Spell Cascade.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Spire Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Critical, Spell, Duration, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, will repeatedly strike multiple areas around it for a duration, dealing lightning damage.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Spire Trap of Overloading; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, will repeatedly strike multiple areas around it for a duration, dealing lightning damage.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Spire Trap of Zapping; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap which, once triggered, will repeatedly strike multiple areas around it for a duration, dealing lightning damage.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Tendrils; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Lightning, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: While you channel this skill, it releases pulses of electrical energy, dealing lightning damage in a semicircular area in front of you.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Tendrils of Eccentricity; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Spell, AoE, Lightning, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: While you channel this skill, it releases pulses of electrical energy, dealing lightning damage in a semicircular area in front of you.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Tendrils of Escalation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: While you channel this skill, it releases pulses of electrical energy, dealing lightning damage in a growing semicircular area in front of you.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Critical, Spell, Projectile, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that launches a ring of projectiles through the enemy that set it off, dealing lightning damage to them and subsequent targets.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Trap of Sparking; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Critical, Spell, Projectile, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that launches projectiles through the enemy that set it off, dealing lightning damage to them and subsequent targets.;
Skill Gem: Lightning Warp; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Movement, Lightning, Travel; Skill Gem Details: Waits for a duration before teleporting to a targeted destination, with the duration based on the distance and your movement speed. When the teleport occurs, lightning damage is dealt to the area around both where the player was and where they teleported to. Casting again will queue up multiple teleportations to occur in sequence.;
Skill Gem: Malevolence; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that multiplies damage over time and increases skill effect duration of you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Manabond; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning, Arcane; Skill Gem Details: Deals lightning damage based upon your missing mana in a circular area around the targeted location, as well as in four rectangular extensions whose lengths depend upon your remaining mana.;
Skill Gem: Orb of Storms; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Spell, AoE, Chaining, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Creates a stationary electrical orb that strikes enemies in its area of effect with beams of lightning that can then split to hit more enemies. Modifiers to cast speed will increase how frequently it does this. Casting this skill again will replace the previous orb.;
Skill Gem: Penance Brand; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical, Lightning, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, adding energy to the branded enemy. When the branded enemy reaches 20 energy, a large explosion occurs and the brand is removed.;
Skill Gem: Penance Brand of Conduction; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical, Lightning, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, adding energy to the branded enemy and nearby enemies who do not have energy. When the brand is detached, all enemies with energy are dealt damage.;
Skill Gem: Penance Brand of Dissipation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Physical, Lightning, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, adding energy to the branded enemy and causing a pulse that deals damage to the branded enemy and other nearby enemies. The pulse gains area of effect and damage for each energy on the branded enemy.;
Skill Gem: Power Siphon; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fires your wand to fire a single projectile each at a number of nearby enemies, granting you a power charge if an enemy is killed by, or soon after, the hit.;
Skill Gem: Power Siphon of the Archmage; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fires your wand to fire a single projectile each at a number of nearby enemies, granting you a power charge if an enemy is killed by, or soon after, the hit.;
Skill Gem: Purifying Flame; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: A wave of divine fire deals damage in a line, then creates Consecrated Ground and deals damage in an area around the targeted location. A larger shockwave then expands outwards, damaging enemies standing on Consecrated Ground that were not already hit.;
Skill Gem: Purifying Flame of Revelations; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: A wave of divine fire deals damage in a line, then creates Consecrated Ground and deals damage in an area around the targeted location. A larger shockwave then expands outwards, damaging enemies standing on Consecrated Ground that were not already hit.;
Skill Gem: Purity of Elements; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants elemental resistances and elemental ailment immunity to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Purity of Lightning; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants lightning resistance to you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Pyroclast Mine; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Spell, Projectile, Fire, AoE, Aura, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that deals damage in an area when detonated, then launches fiery projectiles that rain down around it, each exploding to deal damage in a smaller area.;
Skill Gem: Pyroclast Mine of Sabotage; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Spell, Projectile, Fire, AoE, Aura, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that deals damage in an area when detonated, then launches fiery projectiles that rain down around it, each exploding to deal damage in a smaller area.;
Skill Gem: Raise Spectre; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion; Skill Gem Details: Raises a spectral version of a defeated foe as a minion to fight for you in battle.;
Skill Gem: Raise Spectre of Transience; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Raises a spectral version of a defeated foe as a temporary minion to fight for you in battle for a duration.;
Skill Gem: Raise Zombie; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion; Skill Gem Details: Raises a zombie minion from a corpse, which will follow you and attack enemies with a melee strike.;
Skill Gem: Raise Zombie of Falling; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion; Skill Gem Details: Raises necromantic energies into the sky above a targeted location, where they coalese into a zombie minion. The minion then attacks by falling to the ground, causing an impact that deals damage in an area and kills the zombie.;
Skill Gem: Raise Zombie of Slamming; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion; Skill Gem Details: Raises a zombie minion from a corpse, which will follow you and attack enemies with a melee strike and an area of effect slam which cannot be evaded.;
Skill Gem: Righteous Fire; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Engulfs you in magical fire that rapidly burns you and nearby enemies. Your spell damage is substantially increased while under this effect. The effect ends when you have 1 life remaining.;
Skill Gem: Righteous Fire of Arcane Devotion; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Engulfs you in magical fire that rapidly burns you and nearby enemies. The effect ends when you have 1 life remaining.;
Skill Gem: Rolling Magma; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Projectile, Chaining; Skill Gem Details: Lob a fiery orb that deals area damage as it hits the ground. The skill chains, bouncing forward to deal damage multiple times.;
Skill Gem: Scorching Ray; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Fire, Duration, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Unleash a beam of fire that burns enemies it touches. Remaining in the beam raises the burning, adding a portion of the beam's damage in stages. Inflicts Fire Exposure at maximum stages. Enemies who leave the beam continue to burn for a duration. Increasing cast speed also increases the rate at which the beam turns.;
Skill Gem: Scorching Ray of Immolation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Fire, Duration, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Unleash a beam of fire that burns enemies it touches. Remaining in the beam raises the burning, adding a portion of the beam's damage in stages. Enemies who leave the beam continue to burn for a duration. Increasing cast speed also increases the rate at which the beam turns.;
Skill Gem: Shock Nova; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Lightning, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Casts a ring of Lightning around you, followed by a larger Lightning nova. Each effect hits enemies caught in their area with Lightning Damage.;
Skill Gem: Sigil of Power; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning, Arcane; Skill Gem Details: Places a Sigil on the ground, which grants a buff to you and allies in the area around it for a duration. The Sigil gains stages as you spend mana in its area, making the buff more powerful. You can only have one Sigil of Power at a time.;
Skill Gem: Siphoning Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Spell, Duration, AoE, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that applies debuff beams to a number of nearby enemies for a duration. The beams chill enemies and deal cold damage over time. A beam is also applied to you, granting life and mana regeneration based on the number of debuff beams affecting enemies.;
Skill Gem: Soul Link; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Duration, Link; Skill Gem Details: Targets an allied player to apply a buff which links you to them for a duration. While linked, your Energy Shield will intercept some of the damage they would take. If the target dies while linked, you will also die. This skill cannot be triggered, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Soulrend; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Spell, AoE, Duration, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fires a projectile that turns towards enemies in front of it, damaging and piercing through those it hits, and leeching some of that damage as energy shield. As the projectile travels, it repeatedly applies a short but powerful chaos damage over time debuff to each enemy in an area around it.;
Skill Gem: Soulrend of Reaping; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Spell, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fires a projectile that deals chaos damage to enemies it hits and leeches some of that damage as energy shield.;
Skill Gem: Soulrend of the Spiral; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Spell, AoE, Duration, Projectile; Skill Gem Details: Fires a series of projectiles in a spiral that turn towards enemies in front of them, damaging and piercing through those they hit, and leeching some of that damage as energy shield. As the projectiles travel, they repeatedly apply a short but powerful chaos damage over time debuff to each enemy in an area around them.;
Skill Gem: Spark; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Launches unpredictable sparks that move randomly until they hit an enemy or expire.;
Skill Gem: Spark of the Nova; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Launches unpredictable sparks in all directions that move randomly until they hit an enemy or expire.;
Skill Gem: Spark of Unpredictability; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Launches unpredictable sparks with that move randomly with large differences in speed and distance until they hit an enemy or expire.;
Skill Gem: Spellslinger; Skill Gem Tags: Trigger, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Reserves mana based on the supported spells to cause those spells to trigger when you fire projectiles from a wand attack.;
Skill Gem: Spirit Offering; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Consumes a corpse, granting increased critical strike chance and additional critical strike multiplier to your minions. The skill consumes other nearby corpses, increasing the duration for each corpse consumed.;
Skill Gem: Storm Brand; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Spell, AoE, Chaining, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, firing beams which deal damage to nearby enemies and those around them. The brand will detach if the enemy dies.;
Skill Gem: Storm Brand of Indecision; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Spell, AoE, Chaining, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy. It periodically activates while attached, firing a beam which deals damage to the branded enemy and those around it. The brand will detach if the enemy dies.;
Skill Gem: Storm Burst; Skill Gem Tags: AoE, Spell, Lightning, Channelling, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: Unleash orbs of energy while you channel that repeatedly jump towards the targeted location until their duration expires, dealing damage in small area after each jump. When you stop channelling, all remaining orbs explode, dealing higher damage in a larger area.;
Skill Gem: Storm Call; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Sets a marker at a location. After a short duration, lightning strikes the marker, dealing damage around it and causing lightning strikes at any other markers you've cast.;
Skill Gem: Stormbind; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Channelling, Lightning, Duration, Arcane; Skill Gem Details: Channel to spread runes on the ground in a growing pattern. The runes fade away after a duration, or will be immediately removed and deal damage in a circular area when detonated by Rune Blast. Enemies standing on the runes are Hindered, reducing their movement speed.;
Skill Gem: Stormbind of Teleportation; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Channelling, Lightning, Duration, Arcane, Movement, Travel, Blink; Skill Gem Details: Channel to spread runes on the ground in a growing pattern. The runes fade away after a duration, or will be immediately removed and deal damage in a circular area when detonated by Rune Blast. Enemies standing on the runes are Hindered, reducing their movement speed.;
Skill Gem: Stormblast Mine; Skill Gem Tags: Mine, Spell, AoE, Lightning, Aura, Nova; Skill Gem Details: Throws a mine that deals damage in an area when detonated.;
Skill Gem: Summon Carrion Golem; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Carrion Golem that grants added physical damage for your non-golem minions. The Carrion Golem attacks with a series of slashes that increase in speed and damage, as well as a cascade of bone spikes, and deals more damage for each of your non-golem minions near it.;
Skill Gem: Summon Carrion Golem of Hordes; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Carrion Golem. The Carrion Golem attacks with a series of slashes that increase in speed and damage, as well as a cascade of bone spikes.;
Skill Gem: Summon Carrion Golem of Scavenging; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Carrion Golem. The Carrion Golem attacks with a series of slashes that increase in speed and damage, can consume corpses to heal itself and gain the ability to unleash a devastating cascade of bone spikes, and deals more damage for each of your non-golem minions near it.;
Skill Gem: Summon Chaos Golem; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Chaos Golem that grants you Physical Damage Reduction. The Chaos Golem can cast a damage over time Chaos aura and a cascade of Chaos spikes in addition to its melee attack.;
Skill Gem: Summon Chaos Golem of Hordes; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Chaos Golem. The Chaos Golem can cast a damage over time Chaos aura and a cascade of Chaos spikes in addition to its melee attack.;
Skill Gem: Summon Chaos Golem of the Maelstrm; Skill Gem Tags: Chaos, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Chaos Golem. The Chaos Golem can cast a powerful damage over time Chaos aura that Withers enemies in addition to its melee attack.;
Skill Gem: Summon Holy Relic; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Summon a Holy Relic that stays near you. When you hit an enemy with an attack, the Holy Relic triggers a nova spell, with a very short cooldown, that deals physical damage to enemies and grants life regeneration to allies. This life regeneration is higher when applied to minions.;
Skill Gem: Summon Lightning Golem; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Lightning Golem that grants you increased Attack and Cast speed. The Lightning Golem fires a projectile spell, creates orbs of Lightning that zap nearby enemies, and casts a temporary aura that grants added Lightning Damage to spells and attacks used by the Golem and its nearby allies.;
Skill Gem: Summon Lightning Golem of Hordes; Skill Gem Tags: Lightning, Minion, Spell, Golem; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Lightning Golem. The Lightning Golem fires a projectile spell, creates orbs of Lightning that zap nearby enemies, and casts a temporary aura that grants added Lightning Damage to spells and attacks used by the Golem and its nearby allies.;
Skill Gem: Summon Raging Spirit; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Summons a short-lived flaming skull that rushes at nearby enemies and attacks them rapidly, converting all its physical damage to fire. Enemies will not directly engage these spirits, and can pass through them.;
Skill Gem: Summon Raging Spirit of Enormity; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Summons a short-lived flaming skull that rushes at nearby enemies and attacks them rapidly, converting all its physical damage to fire. Enemies will not directly engage these spirits, and can pass through them.;
Skill Gem: Summon Reaper; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Minion, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Summons a powerful Reaper which uses a variety of slashing area attacks. The Reaper's presence weakens your other minions, and it will consume them to temporarily empower and heal itself. Using this skill while the Reaper is already summoned causes it to dash to the targeted location and perform a powerful attack.;
Skill Gem: Summon Reaper of Eviscerating; Skill Gem Tags: Physical, Minion, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Summons a powerful Reaper which passively follows you without attacking enemies. The Reaper's presence weakens your other minions, and it will consume them to temporarily empower and heal itself. Using this skill while the Reaper is already summoned causes it to dash to the targeted location and perform a powerful attack. Cannot be triggered, supported by Spell Echo or Unleash, or used by Totems, Traps, or Mines.;
Skill Gem: Summon Reaper of Revenants; Skill Gem Tags: Minion, Spell; Skill Gem Details: Summons a Reaper which uses a variety of slashing area attacks. The presence of any Reapers weakens your other non-Reaper minions, and Reapers will consume them to temporarily empower and heal themselves.;
Skill Gem: Summon Skeletons; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Summon Skeleton Warrior minions at the targeted location. They use a melee attack and die after a duration. If made aggressive, Skeleton Warriors will also dash towards nearby enemies.;
Skill Gem: Summon Skeletons of Archers; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Summon Skeleton Archer minions at the targeted location. They fire arrows and die after a duration.;
Skill Gem: Summon Skeletons of Mages; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Prismatic; Skill Gem Details: Summon Skeleton Mage minions of random elemental types at the targeted location. They cast projectile spells based on their element, and die after a duration.;
Skill Gem: Summon Skitterbots; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Mine, Spell, Minion, Cold, Lightning, AoE, Aura; Skill Gem Details: Summon a Chilling Skitterbot and a Shocking Skitterbot, which will trigger your traps and detonate your mines. Mines detonated by Skitterbots will re-arm and can then be detonated again. The Skitterbots grant you more trap and mine damage, and cannot be targeted or damaged.;
Skill Gem: Tempest Shield; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Lightning, Chaining; Skill Gem Details: Enchants your shield with the power of storms, which lashes out to deal arcing lightning damage to attackers when you block them.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Arc; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaining, Vaal, Lightning, Duration; Skill Gem Details: A shocking arc of lightning reaches from the caster to a targeted enemy and chains to other enemies. Each time the arc chains from an enemy, it will do so simultaneously to two further enemies, but never to enemies that have already been hit by any of these chains. Also grants a buff making your Arc damage lucky for a short duration.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Blight; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Chaos, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Nova, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Apply a powerful debuff to enemies around you which deals chaos damage over time. Then applies two additional layers in a larger area, growing greatly in size each time. Enemies are also substantially hindered for a shorter secondary duration, slowing their movement.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Clarity; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Casts a temporary aura that lets you and your allies cast skills without paying their mana costs.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Cold Snap; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Cold; Skill Gem Details: Creates a sudden burst of cold around you, damaging enemies. This also creates a chilling area around you which expands and deals cold damage over time to surrounding enemies in addition to chilling them. Enemies that die while in the area grant Frenzy Charges, and you will passively gain Frenzy Charges while there are enemies in the area.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Discipline; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Casts a temporary aura that prevents energy shield recharge being delayed by damage taken for you and your allies.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Fireball; Skill Gem Tags: Projectile, Spell, AoE, Vaal, Fire; Skill Gem Details: Launches a series of fireballs in a spiral around the caster.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Firestorm; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Fire, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: A fixed number of flaming bolts rain down in a spiral, culminating in the central one impacting the targeted location. They explode when landing, dealing damage to nearby enemies and leaving burning ground, which deals fire damage over time.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Flameblast; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Vaal, Fire, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Targets an area and builds up stages in that area based on cast speed. It explodes every 3 stages, until it reaches a maximum of 15. As it gains more stages, the area gets smaller but the damage gets higher.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Ice Nova; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Vaal, Cold, Nova; Skill Gem Details: A chilling circle of ice expands from the caster, repeating from every enemy it hits.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Impurity of Lightning; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that reduces lightning damage taken and provides shock immunity to you and nearby allies, and makes hits against nearby enemies ignore their lightning resistance.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Lightning Trap; Skill Gem Tags: Trap, Critical, Spell, Projectile, Duration, Vaal, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Throws a trap that launches a ring of projectiles through the enemy that set it off, dealing lightning damage to them and subsequent targets and leaving a trail of shocked ground.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Power Siphon; Skill Gem Tags: Critical, Attack, Projectile, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Fires your wand simultaneously at all nearby enemies, culling those close to death and granting you a power charge for each. Cannot be supported by Volley.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Righteous Fire; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Fire, Vaal, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Sacrifices a portion of your Life and Energy Shield to engulf you in magical fire that rapidly burns nearby enemies for a duration. Your spell damage is increased while under this effect.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Spark; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Projectile, Duration, Vaal, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Continuously launches unpredictable sparks in all directions that move randomly until they hit an enemy or expire.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Storm Call; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Vaal, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Sets a marker at a location. Lightning strikes random enemies around the marker repeatedly over the skill's duration, dealing damage in an area around the strike. Modifiers to the skill's duration will also affect the delay between these strikes. When the duration ends, a large bolt of lightning strikes the marker, dealing damage around it.;
Skill Gem: Vaal Summon Skeletons; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, Minion, Duration, Vaal; Skill Gem Details: Summons an army of skeletal soldiers, archers and mages, led by a powerful general.;
Skill Gem: Void Sphere; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical, Chaos, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Creates a Void Sphere which Hinders enemies in an area around it, with the debuff being stronger on enemies closer to the sphere. It also regularly releases pulses of area damage. The Void Sphere will consume the corpses of any enemies which die in its area. Can only have one Void Sphere at a time.;
Skill Gem: Void Sphere of Rending; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical, Chaos, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Creates a Void Sphere which Hinders enemies in an area around it, with the debuff being stronger on enemies closer to the sphere. It also regularly releases pulses of area damage. The Void Sphere will consume the corpses of any enemies which die in its area. Can only have one Void Sphere at a time.;
Skill Gem: Voltaxic Burst; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Chaos, Lightning, Nova, Duration; Skill Gem Details: Each cast of this spell waits for a short duration, releasing a burst of lightning and chaos spell damage in an area around you when that duration ends. Enemies killed by this damage, or shortly after, will explode. The explosions of the corpses are not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected.;
Skill Gem: Vortex; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Duration, Nova; Skill Gem Details: An icy blast explodes around the caster, dealing cold damage to enemies, and leaving behind a whirling vortex which deals cold damage over time and chills enemies caught in it.;
Skill Gem: Vortex of Projection; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Duration, Nova; Skill Gem Details: An icy blast explodes around the caster, dealing cold damage to enemies, and leaving behind a whirling vortex which deals cold damage over time and chills enemies caught in it. If the caster targets near their Frostbolt projectiles, it will explode from a number of those projectiles instead, destroying them.;
Skill Gem: Wave of Conviction; Skill Gem Tags: Fire, Lightning, Spell, AoE, Duration, Physical; Skill Gem Details: An expanding wave of energy surges forward, damaging enemies in a cone-shaped area over a duration. Each enemy hit is inflicted with Exposure matching the element of which they took the highest damage. Only one Wave of Conviction can be active at a time;
Skill Gem: Winter Orb; Skill Gem Tags: Cold, Spell, Channelling, AoE, Duration, Projectile, Orb; Skill Gem Details: Channel to conjure an orb above you, which pelts nearby enemies with projectiles that impact the ground and explode. Channelling for longer builds up stages on the skill. When you stop channelling, the stages decay over a duration.;
Skill Gem: Wintertide Brand; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Cold, Duration, Brand; Skill Gem Details: Creates a magical brand which can attach to a nearby enemy, dealing cold damage over time and chilling them. It periodically activates while attached, gaining stages that raise the damage. When removed, a short-duration debuff dealing the same damage over time and chill is applied to each nearby enemy. The brand keeps its charges while detached.;
Skill Gem: Wither; Skill Gem Tags: Spell, AoE, Duration, Chaos, Channelling; Skill Gem Details: Casts a debilitating debuff on enemies in an area, hindering their movement and also inflicts the Withered debuff, which increases the Chaos Damage they take and can stack up to 15 times.;
Skill Gem: Wrath; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Spell, AoE, Lightning; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that adds lightning damage to the attacks of you and your allies, and makes your spells deal more lightning damage.;
Skill Gem: Zealotry; Skill Gem Tags: Aura, Critical, Spell, AoE; Skill Gem Details: Casts an aura that grants bonuses to damage and critical strike chance of spells to you and your allies, and gives a chance to create Consecrated Ground against stronger enemies.;
